the presumed benefits were to help with a severe depression. in the beginning there was some benefit, ie less suicidal, apathetic, morbid, depressed. but the effects were short lived and dose had to be continually increased. the biggest benefit was probably placebo - feeling like i was getting help, hopeful and trusting in the treatment and doctors.	here we go.the initial effect would be dry mouth and sleepiness, not being able to think straight or function really but once the dose would be acclimatised it would be okay. but it also cased both hypo and hypersomnia. shakiness at times. large cognitive deficits in reading and comprehension (eyes would literally\ physically play tricks not seeing words or substituting others, blind spots)and a general confusion not knowing what i was doing where i was going.nightmares, nightsweats	family doctor initially prescribed wellbutin but a psychologist at the hospital suggested effexor. the dose would be increased as i would adjust and experience setbacks. the gabapentin was added when i had sleep troubles and to augment. many things were also added and subtracted to no avail. a psychiatrist felt the dose could be increased to 375 mg. so it was but i was not under any supervised care other than my family physician. all the above side effects caused me to be sent from specialist to specialist who all had tentative diagnoses ranging from borderline personality, narcolepsy (the modifinil), sleep apnea and restless leg, and finally bi polar. finally a different psychiatrist said it was the drugs!
Was prescribed in hospital to relieve nausea I was suffering, post foraminotomy.	Anaphylactic reaction.  Extreme shaking of extremities. Loss of consciousness. Treated by hospital ER staff. Prior known allergic reaction to Compazine, hospital pharmacy said they were unrelated class of drugs and should not have caused allergic reaction. Physician suggested I take no anti-nausea drugs from now on.	IV Steroids.
Did have elimination of frown lines and crows feet but no one cares about having wrinkles or not when you are paralyzed.  Sadly wrinkles returned in 6 months but large nerves in my legs and and body continue to suffer daily with weakness several years later.   Risks too great for some temporary cosmetic procedure	"Botulism.  Permanent disability.  Neuropathy, autonomic nerve injury. chronic myalgias.  Chronic nerve pain

Chronic long term muscle weakness. Difficulty breathing, difficulty swallowing, blurry vision. Disabling muscle weakness.  permanent paresthesias."	Injected by qualified personnel.  National Botox trainer.  Used 50 units total with a dilution of 1cc per 100 unit vial.  injected with several sites at frown lines and crows feet.
Lowered viral load and increased t cell count. Also a benefit was the once a day dosing.	Hallucinations and disturbing dreams. These effects were supposed to be temporary and only last a couple of weeks. I was still experiencing them after a month. The whole experience was extremely disturbing.	Taken as directed (once a day at night) resulted in nightmarish dreams and waking hallucinations.
It really helps to stop overeating and to become thinner. Also you're not drink alcohol at all and its become your habit ) Cause M. is not compatible with drinking. You have a lot of energy, do not thinking what to eat, where to eat and etc.. No any narcotic pleasure or panic, I had no any psyho effects at all. Only sleeping less may be.	If you have a bottle of water, no any side effects. The main effect - you start to love yourself when you look at the mirror, cause you see results. BUT I think it's not killing appetit at all. You only have (If its possible to say so) more willing force to refuse of extra eating. But the motivation and decision are still your choice. Frankly speaking If you don't want to slim and still force yourself to eat as best habit, M. will not work. More you eat then more you want to eat.   ))	1 caps (15 or 20 mg., don't remember now) per day, at morning. No any dependance, you can take it or not. But you'll see how much more is your lack of willingness and dream to be thin without it))
The benefits were to reduce my cholesterol	"I took 20mg once a day for two months, But did not feel right,was experiencing 

Confusion, Stumbeling, Forgetting words, Not being able to pronounce some words, joint pain, urinary urgency... and the need to alway go,started having tingleing anywhere on your body (hands feet, fingers, toes, face, arms, legs and so on), swelling of your feet or hands stealed energy felt like a ninety year old women esepecially in the morning."	"One tablet a day 20 mg then reduced to 10 after 3 months. No other health issues.



I Stopped taking the drug."
None that I could see. Made me very sick and weak.	Nausea,chills,difficulty breathing,indigestion,dizziness,lightheaded,tired,anxiety	Prescribed about a month ago Recently diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. Tried for the better part of three weeks. The side effects were mild at first, but intensified so much, I ended up in the ER. Stopped taking it two days ago and slowly regaining my strength.
"I was diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder in February of 2009. I found that my manic states led to very erratic and inconsistent behavior. I also found the depressive lows to be particularly difficult to manage.



In November 2009 I was prescribed SEROQUEL by a Urgent Care Physician. Immediately I found its calming effects to be extremely relieving to my mania. I did, however, find it difficult to maintain a functioning state due to its sedating effects. I then switched to SEROQUEL XR and found a much more successful experience. I was initially given 400mg SEROQUEL XR paired with 10mg LEXAPRO. While initially a good way to stop the mania, I found 400mg to be too much to function on. I decided to halve my SEROQUEL XR dose to 200mg continuing to take 10mg of LEXAPRO. This combo has been great and I am so much calmer and feel way more in control of my life. I do, however, find the sedating effects to be difficult upon awaking in the morning. I try to offset this by ensuring that I receive a full 8-10 hour rest after administering a dosage. I would highly recommend this combo to anyone that is having difficulty finding a mental balance between dark and light. This year of treatment has allowed me to find a calm that I have never quite experienced beforehand."	"I found that despite the great benefits mentally, the physical side effects are a fair trade. 



I was about 115 lbs when I started this drug 10 months ago. Today I way about 147lbs. That's definitely a 37 pound gain.



Additionally, I always prided myself on my enormous amount of energy. After taking this drug I am extremely lethargic in the hours after taking it (bedtime) and the morning hours."	I take 200mg of SEROQUEL XR and 10mg of LEXAPRO nightly.
Terrible!  There are much safer alternatives than this poison.  Most fluoroquinolones have been taken off the market.  Johnson and Johnson should be ashamed of themselves.  They have not warned doctors properly of the serious side effects eventhough the FDA has placed TWO BLACK BOX WARNINGS!	SEVERE shooting, burning pains in all four extremities.  Prolonged heart rhythms, hallucinations, nightmares, insomnia.  Weakness and pain in all four extremitities.  Was a healthy 25 year old PE teacher prior to this poison.  Now in a wheelchair.	IV 500 mg Levaquin with Solumedrol and Theophylline.  NEVER take these three drugs together!!!
None - I only had extremely bad side effects, which cost me my job, my home and my car. I just don't have fifty words to describe no benefits - thank you. I still need twenty words - hmmm - how am I doing?  Now I need ten words - can I quit now? Ugh!	Now this I can describe: Lethargy - stared at the walls when awake, which wasn't often - most of the time I was passed out cold - even on Adderall; hideous nightmares - so horrible that I won't repeat them; constant sweating; incontinence; emotionally and physically numb; muscle twitches; rash on tongue.	I don't know how to answer this question, except to say that I was prescribed Paxil 40 mg to be taken once a day because I couldn't stop crying over a grief issue.  It didn't work.  We switched to Wellbutrin, which was somewhat better and I took it for a year before stopping.  It's been seven years since I went off all drugs and I still have occasional withdrawal symptoms that I call "brain shocks." I don't recommend SSRIs to anyone for anything. Oh - and I'm still grieving... sigh...
Slight decrease in stiffness, and better degree of mobility of legs joints (ankles, knees and hips)	Small bowel perforation and lesion(wall thickened)	Approx. 5 weeks into course of VOLTAREN at dosage of 4/day, felt pain in right side which increased to severe pain within 1/2 hour. Admitted as Emergency into hospital(Australia). CT scan showed air in abdomen.  Open surgery: small bowel resection - for lesion(wall thickened) plus perforation.
None	I became increasingly agitated and angry. After being on it for 2 months, I tried to commit suicide.	I had been taking Effexor, Welbutrin and Ritalin for over three years. The combination worked better then any other cocktail I'd taken.  I complaine3d to Doctor that I was feeling lethargic so he switched me to Emsam. After a month he increased the dose. I attempted suicide. Found a new doctor..  Now taking cymbalta and welbutrin. Which seem to be working OK but they ain't no miracle drug.
There were none at all.	There were many side effects such as mild hallucinations, major heart palpitations, and increased anxiety.	I took Paxil for 2 weeks and after experiencing the horrible side effects I decided to tell my doctor that I wanted to stop taking it. My first 2 - 3 days were fine, until the dose was increased. Overall, this drug had to many negative side effects to be effective.
It provided me Pain releif that enabled me to get up in the morning and pain releif that helped with cramps and pain while sleeping at night. I think it only blocked the pain receptor in my brain but didn't actually provide a cure for the main problem. It was like a mask that may have caused more damagae in the end	I became severely addicted to the drug. With flu like symptoms when out of meds. I became dependant on the meds everyday to function and because it was working for enabling me to go about my day I didn't look for a proper treatment. In the end I wouldn't say that these pain medication do anything but mask the initial problem and my Dr considered the problem solved and didn't seek an alternate method of helping me long term	Take one pill 2 times a day
"Reduced desire to smoke

Reduced cravings for cigarettes"	Suicidal thoughts (calm idea of jumping off 14th floor)	Treatment was immediately stopped after suicidal episode and this effect was reported to the drug administration by the pharamcist. I gave up smoking without the product.
Got rid of eczema quickly when applied in a thin layer. I have used this for years without realizing its side effects or being told about the side effects from my doctors or pharmacist.	This drug has severe side effects, and I was not told about ANY of them! I believe I have gotten shingles as a side effect from this drug. Shingles tends to happen to the elderly or people with weakened immune systems. My immune system was weakened by this drug enough to get shingles!  Do your research before continuing to choose to use this product.	"Applied whenever I had a flare-up with a thin layer of the Protopic ointment. 

Please educate yourself and try many other alternatives before even considering using this product. I have used it for many years and regret it after learning about all the harmful side effects."
Less acne, more controlled cycle	headaches, dizzy spells, extreme breast tenderness (like someone is crushing them), anxiety, slight depression, very bad cramps, very large clots, mood swings, heart palpitations	Got on Yasmin to weaken my flow, my acne from the previous pill went away (ortho tri clyclen-lo), everything seemed great. I was slightly discouraged about my weight gain, a few pounds here and there, but 2 years later I am 40lbs heavier than I was when I started this pill. I do not solely blame the pill for this but I can imagine it has aided me in packing on the pounds. I exercise regularly and try to watch what I put in my mouth. I have random weird mood-swings that only seem to be getting worse. I stopped taking this pill the other day because I couldnt stand always being tired, fatigued, moody, and the headaches were unbearable. I have had a few since that day but hopefully everything will start to get better. I am looking for alternative pills because most of them make my acne really bad, and I have never had acne as a teenager. My mothers friends daughter was only on this pill 3 months and had liver problems. My health isnt worth it. I would rather bleed for 8-9 days than possibly die. Be careful ladies.
I first began taking Topamax when I was fifteen. I had severe migraines about five every week. When I started it did automatically begin helping me with the headaches, and then the side effects sat in very soon after. Yet, the weight loss side effect was the only positive. I lost twenty pounds.	Within twenty minutes of taking Topamax I began to get tingles in my feet and bad in my hands. The next two weeks when they had moved my doze from 50mg to 100mg I felt like a dud in class. I couldn't remember anything that I would have been able to grasp so much more quickly before. I would stumble on my words and get so confused. On top of all this, I was constantly in a bad mood and depressed. I finally said enough was enough the day I got over heated at the lake, I got over heated because Topamax doesn't let you sweat. Overall, the side effects over ruled the relief.	Above.
Clomiphene citrate or clomid is used for treatments of fertiliy in women. It triggers the ovaries to ripen more ovuls and to invrease the change of conceiving.	bluuring vision, moodiness, depression, panic attacks, weight gain, skin problems	Starting with the first day of menstruation as  day 1, a daily dose of 150 mg is taken from day 5 to 9 of the monthly cycle. Chlomiphene citrate does first suppress estrogen in the womens body therefore the body reacts with an increased effort to build estrogen. After day 9 the increased effort to build estrogen comes  effectiv in the ovaries producing more ovuls.
Initially felt good, then after a week knee pain started.  Week later started getting bumps on my legs.  Kept thinking I was doing something else wrong, blamed it on new shoes, etc.  Knees hurt, were creaking and pain got worse. Bumps were scary.	Severe joint pain knees, sleeplessness, vaculitis.	Doctor said to discontinue.
prevented getting pregnant	severe stomach pain at night,extreme appetite during the day, and always tired	I am only at the end of my 3d week but i feel like i have no control over my appetite. I feel so hungry all the time and no matter how much I eat I cant get full. Be aware. Also always being tired doesnt help.
The benefit to the drug was that yes it did work i was crazy (locked up in mental ward) and then after usage became normal (not crazy) again.However my treatment plan was not good. plan	"The side affects were realy they inclued;

 Leg jerking/kicking in bed at night 

 sudden stiffning of legs ( unable to walk)

Eyes unable to close 

eyes rolling back into head

unable to make it to the toilet on time

sleeping a lot

gained 12kg

unable to think , no thoughts in head

unable to concentrate"	"The treatment plan was realy bad. Although i had gone from crazy back to normal again over an 8 day period i was then made to take the drug for another 9 and a half months there after.



This drug should be used as needed e.g taken to stop being crazy, and then stopped once patient has returned to normal state NOT any longer!



I was basicly druged up to the eye balls an lost almost a year of my life."
significant reduction of pain due to the flu virus.  this is a typical prescription for the flu, pain killers with lots of fluids.  I was drawn to this tablets because they look appealing, the red capsules are easy to take and the caplets are coated in sugar. Normally I'd take paracetamol, which are dry and hard to swallow, I choose these to be kind to myself !!!  I had no idea they could cause this reaction. they were good pain killers.	asthmatic condition.  Heavy chest, dry cough, weakness, cumulative effect over days.  Still prone to shortness of breath and tightness and heavy chest feelings, very sensitive to sulphides in wine and vinegars etc, was not before this. I only became aware of this connection when I took some I had left for  a period pain, once again within seconds I was really ill.	Not sure what this section requires ? It's a straight forward case of pain relief in response to the flu virus.  the symptoms and the side effects became inter-twined, so it was not apparent that this drug was causing a reaction and worse than that I continued taking it as I became more and more ill.  This is an over the counter drug, I would have appreciated more information from my pharmacist.  I have tried to tell as many people as possible about what happened. After I have stopped taking the treatment I am left with a susceptibility to asthmatic type symptoms, it was also scary as I instinctively knew I was getting worse and became concerned something very serious was going on. I have never experience that type of "illness" before, normally I take time out and get well... this was an eye-opener.
Marginally lowered my blood pressure.	After day three, I noticed a burning sensation with both feet. After week two, pain arrived in both feet, with swelling and joint pain. Stopped medication after week 3. Went to a neurologist for 2 hrs. of neurologic testing of my nerves. Peripheral neuropathy was the diagnosis. I have been fighting the pain and burning in my feet with no reversal for about a year now.	I refused the drug treatments suggested by my neurologist. The potential side effects were just to much for my taste. As a Pharmacist, I've opted for 2 different treatments. One is a product called Solleve, which are vibrating insoles for your shoes. I have found some relief as well as reversal of my condition after 2 weeks of treatment. I also put myself on a daily specific vitamin regimen. I am also going to add a product called the ReBuilder to my therapy.
Helped the pain enormously, after many other treatments failed.	After almost three months on meloxicam, suddenly, without any previous gastro-intestinal problems, I developed an intestinal perforation requiring emergency surgery.  I was hospitalized for 6 days afterward on IV antibiotics.  Since no other cause for the perforation was found, it was assumed it was caused by the medication.	I took meloxicam once a day with food for almost three months.
I started with headaches on the 9th day of taking the medication. I eventually needed 2 yrs of spinal taps to reduce the fluid build on in my spinal cord which was putty pressure on my brain.	none see above	The Doctors told me this is a very rare side effect but it ruined my life for over two years.
"It easily cured my asthma, i rarely use my inhalers and nebulizer.... 

no more wheezing sounds and decreased my asthma attacks.."	"I had a Severe Acne rashes all throughout my body... especially on both sides of my back, arms, thigh and legs... and even all over my butt...



More over after reading the other side effects, I noticed that i also suffered most of them.. such as..     Severe allergic reactions (rash; itching;  tightness in the chest; irregular heartbeat; mood changes; numbness or tingling of hands or feet; persistent stomach pain; dizziness; headache; nausea; tiredness; trouble sleeping; weakness;"	"My maintenance daily dosage:



AM -  Meptin 25mg , Ansinar 200mg



PM -  Meptin 25mg , Ansinar 200mg, Kastair(Montelukast)10mg"
prevented pregnancy as it is a form of contraceptive but unfortunately it takes away your libido and sex drive	weight gain:25kg in 3 weeks,never recovered my original weight and it has been 9 years now.it blocks your sex drive not to say it cuts it off completely,depression	one injection and my life turned to hell as started to bloat like a milking cow,lost self esteem and fiance,lost friends,lost will to live,no sex drive,no self love
the side effects put me in hospital and not able to work for weeks.  the gum infection cleared up but this took second place to the concerns during hospitalisation.  i did not bounce back to my usual good health after.	irritated heartbeat, palpatations, breathlessness, dizziness, anxiety, flue like symptoms, extreme fatigue, tingling, pain in arm	prescribed tablets by Dentist for gum infection.  i was told i should take antibiotics but nothing about how it works or side effects. i took the tablets until finished while feeling worse, breathless, dizzy, pain left arm and fatigue but put it down to body fighting gum infection.  the day after i finished the full course of tablets i couldn't breath and ready to pass out and went to Doctors and was taken to hospital with heart complications.  I have no health problems until now.
None.  Vicodin is a narcotic for severe pain. I was prescribed it after weeks of physical therapy and ibuprophin did not reduce the pain in my shoulder and neck following a ski crash.	Much to my dismay, the drug made me feel extremely nauseated. Though I did not actually throw up, I felt like it for a day. Furthermore, the pain in my neck and shoulder did not improve. Even if it had, I would have discontinued Vicodin anyway.	My doctor did not mention any possible side effects, nor did he tell me it is a narcotic. Apparently, it is a drug of abuse. Also, nausea is a common side effect. I was only told that it was a pain killer that would alleviate my discomfort.
"it was not good,had to dismiss previous primary doctor&ortopedic surgeon as my best interests were not of thier concern,I now have a new primary doctor&orthopedic surgeon as both knew about fractured clavicle/shouder rotocuff

completely ripped,i now am faced with some life changing desisions with a scambleled mind,would like to warn about some docters that address,medi cal&medicare patients"	"after emergency of going cold turkey,on previous meds,new docter advised me to

use only,vicodin,attvan,gleevec,effecsor,aspiran.I now feel like i have lost my mind,after taking 50 mg of trazodone nightly."	"ongoing daily reports to new doctor,with a third party involed,in any decisions,

please desregard any misspelling-confused easily now,trazadone made me sick to my stomach,appetite down,all my body allmost in an upheaval,can not sleep,hard to eat,sleep depraveted and know off my vitamins too.I feel like i have jumped out of the pan into the fire."
NONE!!!!!	I began having very irregular heart rhythm within about 2 1/2 weeks of taking this medicine.  Feeling like I was going to pass out or maybe my heart would even stop beating.	I began having very irregular heart rhythm within about 2 1/2 weeks of taking this medicine.  I began feeling like I was going to pass out or maybe my heart would stop beating & I would just keel over & die if I didn't immediately start moving around. I could be sitting or laying down in bed & these "spells" would come on out of the blue & very regularly.  I spent one night up all night laying on the couch because it was so bad that I was afraid that if I fell asleep I might not wake up. I tried to pretend it would go way at first but then made an appointment with my Dr. first & then a cardiologist, it was just too scary. My Dr. didn't believe that it was the medicine. By the time I could get in to see the cardiologist & have the heart monitor holster, echocardiogram etc. done I had been off the medicine for 2 weeks & the symptoms had lessened & of course did not appear while I was being tested. The Dr. thought I was crazy & that there was no way it was the medicine & that maybe I was having panic attacks.  I have never had a panic attack in my life & I have had similar heart rhythm symptoms with other meds that quit when I stopped taking them & I know my own body.  It WAS the lovastatin.  It took a year & a half before I started feeling normal again & didn't have these attacks come on sometimes.  I truly believe the lovastatin had an affect on my heart that took that long to get better. I will NEVER take another cholesterol med again that has the possible side affects of affecting muscles.  The heart is a muscle.  I also found that other people have had this same experience while taking statins while I was researching this on the internet.  Neither Dr. would even look at the article I printed out about it & it was even written by another Dr. who was researching statin side affects.
While on the drug I did not have any large, red acne lesions.	"Lupus-like symptoms that were very severe:

light sensitivity

extreme fatigue

severe joint point

iritis (inflammation of the iris of the eye)

knee, wrist and finger pain that continues 4 months after stopping the drug

iritis flared again 4 months after stopping the drug"	After I turned 38 my skin changed.  It became much oilier and I started having large acne lesions again around my chin.  This was especially true before a period or when I was under stress at work.  I decided to see a dermatologist as I was sick of the acne.  I started Yaz which was alright, as well as Retin-A.  This didn't seem to address the larger lesions so my dr. prescribed Solodyn.  Looking back now, I think the side-effect started in the first couple weeks, I just didn't identify them as related to the drug.  I thought I was suffering from carpal tunnel at work and could explain why my knees hurt so much.  I was just about to go to an orthopod when I decided to investigate the Solodyn more.  I read about the joint pain and Lupus-like symptoms, stopped the drug immediately and called my dr. to get in and see her.  She did some bloodwork and I had a positive ANA blood result (mid-positive, not low).  This is one indicator of lupus.  My dermatologist was adamant that the symptoms would go away now.  I called the office again a week later as I was still having strong side effects and was pretty worried.  I got a phone call back that basically said "hello, hypochondriac, you do not have lupus."  Then my eye pain started and my eye turned totally red.  I went to my GP who referred me to an opthalmologist who diagnosed iritis and I started 7 weeks of drops.  She also referred me to a rheumatologist who ran a number of tests and told me she's seen minocycline drugs do this to people a lot and she would never take one or have her children take one - great.  That's my saga.  Now dealing with another iritis flair up and a lot of pain in my left knee, 4 months after stopping the drug.  Please don't take this drug!!!
For the first two months it seemed to help, even though the first night on it was the scariest feeling ever. It made me motivated for those two months..	I ended up with severe anxiety and paranoia after taking this pill, something I had never had before taking it. After the initial 2 month honeymoon period, I felt like I was a zombie..I literally felt nothing at all, and if I was lucky enough to feel something, it would be anxiety. I'm STILL trying to reverse the effects of this drug, and I've been off it for over 3 years now. I would not recommend this to ANYONE, unless you're willing to ruin your personality & life for the sake of a two month good spell.	.
I felt alive again, starting to go out more, spent time doing things I enjoyed had energy to go to the gym for the first time in my life	"I started to date a married man, that lead to me becoming obsessed. he was my boss. I clinged to him because I felt alone. I then quit my job and tried to overdose on these meds.. drank a bottle of alcohol and then took several pills and sleeping pills. ended up in emergeny and then just went right off them without supervision. to this day I take nothing and Im still very depressed. Im seeing a doctor again and trying to figure out what to do. I tried to go back on them and felt instantly high for two days taking the lowest dose there was. almost like my brain said NO WAY are u takin this again.. 



I don't recommend taking this unless u have a good doctor . the doc that gave me this medication was a walk in clinic who knew nothing about me."	".. well I was taking this after breaking out of a relationship that I was in for 3 years. I was depressed living in a room that i rented off a friend. I was living before with the boyfriend in a home he owned but we bought together. I was working full-time and continued to do so after i moved but felt very alone and started to have panic attacks sorta in a mall.. trying to shop was impossible and I never left the house, only to work.. 

when i did go to the mall"
helped somewhat in minimizing the cravings and anxiety while taking it but still required substantial will power to quit.  Considering the absolute hell I went through to quit I will probably never go back to smoking.	acute nausea, mental fog, vivid dreams, poor sleep quality, sore eyes, constipation, uncontrollable flatulence, euphoria, turned to dark depression, Psychosis NOS, Major Depressive Disorder, Suicidal ideation, self detrimental behaviour, emotional lability, agression, rage, panic attacks, hallucination, Somatoform Disorder, Delusional Parasitosis, Cholinaergic Prurritus, Hyperacusis, Severe sleep depervation; excessive dreaming, inability to sleep deeply, feeling half awake while sleeping, waking up with sore eyes., Brain Fog, lowered inhibitions, hair roots hurting, excessive hair loss, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, puffy bags under eyes, excessive weight gain, gingivitis, prostate pain, inability to feel orgasm, decreased ability to maintain and achieve erections, anhedonia.	"I took Champix in March of '08 and I am still suffering from most of the side effects of this poisonous drug.  I started to feel some of the bad effects (nausea, mental fog, trouble sleeping, sore eyes, constipation, gas) of Champix while taking it but I was determined to quit smoking.  For the first month I felt exceptionally good and I was telling everyone how great it was but the euphoria came crashing down and I went into a deep depression.   I was able to make it through the full 3 month course but when I stopped taking it is when I really got messed up. I developed Psychosis NOS, Major Depressive Disorder, suicidal, Emotional instability, aggression, rage, panic attacks, hallucination, Somatoform Disorder, Delusional Parasitosis (bug crawling sensations all over my body), Hyperacusis (sensitivity to certain frequencies of sound causing severe pain and pressure in my ears), Severe Insomnia, Memory Loss, Brain Fog, Lowered Inhibitions, Hair was constantly hurting all of the time and lost lots of it (27 year old male), Irritable Bowel Syndrome (started as extreme constipation and gas, fatigue, Severe Eye pain, unsightly puffy bags under eyes, excessive weight gain, gingivitis, prostate pain, black out and become out of control when drinking, decreased sexual pleasure and ability to maintain erections. I think that is everything!!! I went to the psych ward recently due to being suicidal and at a breaking point with my symptoms and I was treated like scum and given brain damaging neuroleptic (anti-psychotic) drugs against my will. I have made some small improvements since taking Champix but it looks like the nightmare will never truly end. If you are one of the many that gets burned by this medication be warned that the doctors will probably not be able to help you and will most likely deny that anything is even happening to you or that it is related to Champix and the side effects may be permanent.  I had a similar reaction in respect to rage and disinhibition from taking Zoloft when I was younger which altered my life substantially and now Champix has put the nail in the coffin.  Apparently these two drugs have a similar mechanism but Pfizer with held this information and marketed the drug in a deceiving way not mentioning any of the neuro-psychiatric and mind altering side effects of the drug when it first hit the market in order to boost sales of their poison.  The medical community has know for quite some time that dopamine plays a role in mood regulation and the fact the Champix targets the ???pleasure centre??? of the brain makes them grossly negligent for not investigating this further and informing consumers.  Many people including myself (I turned down a prescription of Zyban due to my experience with Zoloft) would not have taken it if we would have been informed of the risks and Pfizer knew that.  SHAME ON THEM FOR RUINING MY LIFE AND MANY OTHERS INCLUDING THOSE WHOM ENDED THE MISERY BY TAKING THEIR OWN LIFE.



YOU'VE BEEN WARNED"
None	Began with Requip pack and gradually increased dosage.  Immediately felt more lethargic and irritable.  On my third week at 3mg. I could not keep any food down in the mornings.  My doctor said the sleepiness and irritability was not related to Requip.  After 10 days of vomiting in the a.m  I stopped the medication.  Feel much better even though my doctor insists I need it.	Gradually increased dosage.  After last overnight sleep study doctor increased by dosage to 3 mg.  That's when the severe nausea and then followed by vomiting.
It appeared to attack infection quickly.	We have tried this medication twice now due to ENT recommendation and both times have seen major behavioral changes. Usually around the second day our son has become very aggressive and uncontrollable. After stopping within a day or two he returns to normal.	Son has been on several antibiotics but this one has seemed to cause major behavioral changes. He became irritable, aggressive and uncontrollable. If you use this for your child please stay aware.
The treatment benefits were out of the window as i was prescribed to take diazepam whilst taking Zyban, Zyban advises you not to take Diazepam for instance as one of the contraindicated drugs.	I had experienced many profound side effects; starting with visual disturbances, sleeplessnes, weight loss, memory loss, major loss of appetite, irratable skin rashes, extreme anxiety, dehydration loss of motabilty & a severely nervous breakdown after three weeks resulting hospitallisation. I believe the damage caused is irreversable & would somehow like to know if anyone has came across anything like this in comparison & made any recovery.	The treatment details were to help you gradually stop smoking but the drug orders you to not smoke whilst taking the drug to the daily limit from up to two weeks, this is an illogical instruction as you might aswell of not taken the drug.
I did not take the drug long enough to see any substantial beneficial effects	I developed terrible weakness and pain in bilateral knees. I went from being extremely active to being unable to walk up a flight of stairs. It felt as though my knees would crumble under me.By the second week, I could barely walk up more than 3 steps. My doctor took me off the medication immediately, but the effects lasted about 6 months.	My physician then tried a series of different medications for cholesterol. I was on Crestor, Simvastatin, and Zocor, all with the same side effect. My physician then ordered a lipid blood test to determine if the type of lipid found in my blood would promote cardiac disease, which thank goodness it didn't. I have a family history of elevated cholesterol: all the women in the family are on one of the cholesterol lowering medications: I am the only one in my family that experienced the above side effects.
Well, in a technical sense it helped with the bipolar disorder, but the side effects were terrible enough that I could not continue with the medication.	While taking this med, along with the others listed, I couldn't think inside of my own head. During the time I took this medication, I had no emotional reations to anything, even things that I should have. I felt like a zombie the whole time. I've been off the medication for a few years now, but from that period of time, I only have 2 memories.	I took 200 mg of seroqeul in the morning and before bed; 1000 mg of depakote morning, afternoon, and night, and 10mg risperdol morning, afternoon, and night. Most of the side effects are probably becuase I should never have been taking that many medications at once and the ammount of them, but that is how they were prescribed to me.
To treat add.  To releave sudden impulsive behavor.  To help me focus on things that I had to do.  To help me retain information that I was studing in school.  To help me stop putting things off that were important for me to finish.  To help improve my relationships.	I found that some of the side effects were very severe.  I would have compulsive sexual desires that I had never had before and wanted sex with my husband all the time.  I had great difficulty sleeping so I would take melatonin to go to sleep every night.  I would talk very fast as well as move fast.  I would have hand tremers.  I also had very dry mouth and diarrhea.	I woke up every morning a took 1 20mg tab with a full glass of water.  Then, throughout the day I would have to make myself drink water and eat.  I had lost all desire to eat or drink until around 8 or 9pm that day.  I would have obsessive thoughts and couldn't stop working on something until it was finished.  This meant even if I really needed to stop and do something else I couldn't.  I called my doctor and explained this and he switched me to adderall 10mg without extended release.  This has been much better.  However, I still have some obsessive behavor.  I have never been dx or tx for OCD.
none	My side effects were severe depression, and alteration in personality.  Do not take this drug, the side effects can be severe.  I had no previous issues with depression, and as soon as I started taking this drug, I developed severe depression, and changes in my personality.  Thankfully, my family noticed a change, and advised me and told me to stop taking Zyban.  It took 2 years to overcome the depression and over 3 years to begin to feel like myself again.  Stay away from this drug!  If you want to quit smoking, butt out and stick to your guns.  I quit, and it wan't the Zyban.  I have been smoke free for 10 years, and depression free for 7 or 8.  Someone should consider a class-action suit against the company which produces this drug.  Based on other reviews I have seen, I am not the only one who had these side effects.	I took this drug to quit smoking.  I am a female and was 28 years old at the time.
I would have rather endured the flu. this was an experience like no other for me. i was out of work and unable to care for my child. not recommended unless life threatening illness.	vomiting, stomach cramps, headache, dizziness, anxiety, nosebleeds, overall feeling of uneasiness/panic	h1n1 positive in hospital, 5 days 2x daily
NONE AT ALL	See below	An old and STUPID psychiatrist in Asha Hospital, Hyderabad had put me on Risperidone 2 mg, Pacitane 2 mg from past 2 years as I was suffering with anxiety and social phobia. I do not have any symptoms of Schizophrenia nor Bopolar disorder and I stopped taking the med since 4 months worrying about the serious side effects..The result is..it just RUINED my life in every aspect. I can't feel ANYTHING. I feel nothing in my brain..unable to sense pleasure..lost my unique nature..lost my personality and identity..not getting any thoughts..consciousness is reduced..not able to concentrate on any particular thing..unable to form clear ideas..difficulty understand simple things..chronic sleeplessness..stiff muscles..numbness on the hands..weight gain..sensory loss..memory shot..hearing is badly damaged..dim and blurred vision...no sexual desire at all and lot more..My FUCKING psychiatrist doesn't even let me know of these siide effects and just told me to continue the medication for two years and no need to consult him..I never know why he had put me on Risperidone.This med is really FUCKING..I never suggest this med to anyone at all and I want to file the lawsuit against the company who manufactured this ROGUE drug with these many dangerous and life threattening side effects.I will report to FDA, United States to put it in block list and RUIN their business completely.They are playing with the valuable lives of the patients with their stupid formulas and creating the FUCKING drugs..Do they bring back the life to normal once the brain got permanently damaged????
No treatment benefits	Confusion, memory loss,blurred vision,extreamly hot,chills,dizzy,shaking,out of body experience.	I took 60mg sunday evening...everything was fine that night. Monday do not remeber what I cooked for diner lunch and I was careing for my two small children. Monday night took my dose again.....I dont remeber doing this but my medication was counted for. Tuesday morning I was severly sleepy, dizzy and felt like I was in space all day. Tuesday night I took my regular 60 mg does and with in 1 hr I was extremly stoned...I was confusd, dizzy extreme heat sensation running threw my feet,neck and arms. I got chill and goose bumps in between. I habe high anxiety. Tingly feeling runing up and down my legs. Felt like and out of body experience because I was so stoned. Withdrall from only 3 days of meds is very uncomfortable....migraine  Cymbalta should be off the market. People should be more informed about the side effects and withdral of this drug.
Cleared upper respitory infection and strep throat	Yeast infection, hives, and overall skin sensitivity from clothing and certain foods, still unknown, trigger hives...simple things like wine, goldfish, lactaid milk, pancakes, eggs, bread, nuts, strawberries.	"The antibiotic significantly diminishes the immune system, allowing severe sensitivity to take over body and consumes productivity of your overall life. 



After four months, I still flare up from simple triggers and makes life pretty much stagnant."
cancer is gone	flu like feelings, very tired, blurred vision,then started getting really dry skin all over my face, then started getting burns all down both arms. The dermatologist did a biopsy and the results weere I have Subacute Lupis Erythematosus whish is directly related to taking this drug aldaa. My lymph nodes were swollen. It was horrible and now I am left with this lifetime crap to deal with, can't go in the sun breakout of burns are always a threat. Am sooo sorry I ever took this drug.	I had to take this drug for 5 days and then come off of it for 2 days
Takes about 3 months to show results, but cleared up my skin, reduced overall oiliness and enlarged pores, and eliminated my very greasy hair, caused by excess oil on my scalp. My skin looked hydrated, clarity was good and the improvement was constant with no variations after the first 3 months. Also contributed a significant improvement to my libido.	Periods about every 14 days. After 12 months of use, DCIS detected in my right breast. No history of breast cancer in the family at all, and I was in good health otherwise. Malignant tumour of the breast was one of the side effects I located on the internet.	I am happy to complete this but dont know what you mean, I have already given the dosage. Can you email me what it is you want here?
Virtually nil. PLEASE< PLEASE read on....	"If you take a look at the side effects the FDA requires Provigil manufacturer Cephalon to list, you will find the usual stomach aches, headaches etc.. Such side effects are so common that virtually every new prescription medication ends up listing them, which is why most of us don't bother reading the side effect profile for meds. However, failing to look at the side effects for Provigil could end up costing you your life. Provigil of course does list the usual side effects, yes, but ther is one side effect listed that is rarely included as a medication side effect.  Further, even if you should happen to actually read the list of Provigil's side you are not likely to know what it means. The side effect is called ""vasodilatation"", and the manufacturer reported to the FDA that it occurred to 1 out of every 50 test subjects while it happened to 0 out of every 50 who took the placebo. What is ""vasodilatation""?  Vasodilatation, nearly always referred to as the more recognizable ""vasodilation"", refers to the general relaxation of blood vessels, a phenomenon that usually ends up causing a small drop in blood pressure but sometimes causes a significant blood pressure drop, when it is then called hypotension.  And, if you'll read on, you'll see why for me, and potentially for 1 out of every 50 users of Provigil, it very nearly killed me.  



After 7 weeks on Provigil, with the last week having been increased from 200mg to 300mg per day, I awoke one morning in a highly delusional state, speaking of non-existent farm animals wandering around the kitchen table where my wife and I were seated. After apparently collapsing in my bedroom, I was taken to ER, which quickly determined that I was critically hypotensive (low blood pressure of 72/35). I quickly lapsed into cardiogenic shock, a condition where the heart all but stops pumping blood and one of the deadliest of all medical crises. Even among those who are still alive upon arrival at an ER,  70% to 80% die within hours or a few days. Those who survive likely do so, as I did, with kidneys in acute failure and brain damage similar to what is sustained by near-drowning victims who have been resuscitated by a lengthy CPR session."	My ER doctor immediately paged the cardiologist on call. Arriving quickly, he assessed my condition and determined that my only chance of survival was a transport to a regional heart center 35 miles away. As he awaited the ambulance, he took me to my local hospital's heart catheterization lab, not to put a stent in, but to push a tiny balloon through  my femoral artery to a destination next to my aorta, after which a tiny battery powered air pump was used to inflate the balloon and keep it inflated. The balloon (called an intra-aortic balloon pump) works by temporarily filling the empty space around the heart, then applying continuous gentle pressure to my aorta in an effort to keep my blood pressure from additional falling past the small amount that would otherwise kill me. Arriving at the heart center I was unconscious and would lapse into a coma for 9 days, kept alive by mechanical ventilation through a tube inserted through my throat to my lungs ("I'm in", the TV doctors always say when the get the insertion right).
there were no treatment benifits that I could desern because I quit taking the drug because of the severe side effects	I had extreme weight gain, fluctuating emotions.  I felt I was going insane so I stopped taking the drug.	I was starting menopause and was having hot flashes and disturbed sleep, and migrane headaches.  the doctor prescribed premerin and I only took it for 2 months.  I saw a natural medicine doctor and started on a natural hormone therapy that worked very well.  My headaches stopped and My sleep pattern returned to normal and I lost the weight I gained while on the premerin.
No benefit at all	I'm kinda glad to see I wasn't the only one who experienced this.  I honestly felt I was going to end up in the hospital.  Sweats, heavy nausea, dizziness, my whole body felt numb and shaking, extreme cramping.  The next day, I felt I didn't have any muscles!!  Weak and felt drunk! Aweful experience!	I took only one. Never again!
easing of arthritis symptoms, helped alleviate "flu-like feeling".	SEVERE mouth ulcers all over the inside of my mouth and down my throat.  Unable to eat or even drink for about one month.  Became extremely dehydrated and went into acute renal failure.	Gave myself a shot once a week.  I think they quit making the injectible Methotrexate, which is a shame.  It works SO MUCH BETTER than the pills.
My migraine intensed but then subsided within 2 hours of taking this medication.	When you receive this medication it comes with a patient information pamphlet giving each side effect for the drug and i experienced every side effect there was. At first I experienced heat flushes, then slight muscle spasms, 45 minutes into this drug's effect I experienced a tightness in my neck. This scared me because i thought i was having an intense allergic reaction to the drug. Then, there was a lot of pressure in my head so i then took an Aleve and that pretty much eased everything out. I will never take this medication again.	Was given once for a migraine treatment option.
There were no benefits of taking this medicine unless you count the fact that now I know I should NEVER take this medicine again. I'm severely allergic to it.	Swelling of the face, tingling, itchy eyes, and tighness of chest/difficulty breathing.	I went to the doctor for back pain. My UTI test came back negative except my leukocites were up. I guess she prescribed this to me to be cautious. I took one dose and ended up in the emergency room within an hour. I am now the proud owner of an epi-pen!
none.	when the mid-wife prescribed me zofran i was having problems with nausea. I couldnt eat, sleep,or drink anything. so she prescribed me zofran when i was 4months and the first week i took zofran i started bleeding and having brown discharge, so i immediately went to go see her and all she told me was that it was normal that my uterus was stretching. so the 2nd week i took it the same things happened worse. this time i was in so much pain that i couldn't walk or anything. so again i went back to see her and she told me that everything was normal it was just my uterus stretching. the 3rd week i had an appointment for an exam. that day i went i told her that i was having more bleeding, more brown discharge, and lots of pain. she did the swab test and again said everything is fine all these things that were happening to me was suppose to happen because my uterus was stretching. then she said " if anything happens go to the emergency room ". the next day at 5am i was calling 911 because i had a miscarriage. zofran caused me to have a miscarriage. that was my first baby. it hurts so much that i had a mid-wife that was so inconsiderate of what i was telling her and all the complications i was having. she disregarded everything and because of that i lost my first baby.	they were terrible.
The benefits were almost non-existent. I had taken this med before after a terrible car accident and therefore felt secure enough to take it again this time. However after only one day medicine stopped being effective.	Some drowsiness at night after taken it throughout the day and some constipation. However after taking it for only two weeks I had a seizure that sent me to hospital and was told by doc there that elavil and tramadol combined can cause seizures! NO ONE told me this. Not my primary care doc, my GI doc or the pharmacist. This seems to me to be a pretty severe "side effect" for a medicine that barely works! The two meds were prescribed to me by the same physician and I understand oversights can happen. However if I had known from beginning that seizures might be a possibility I would asked for something else. Also after only two weeks I had some weird effects after stopping usage including diarrhea, cold sweats, hot flashes, restless leg syndrome and anxiety. I never experienced anything like this with any other meds. This medicine is NOT worth it!	1 to 2 50mg tablets every 4 to 6 hours.
I can not say I can recall any positive benefits.	memory loss and auditory & visual hallucinations even at a dose of 50mg -200mg	I am a 49 1/2 single women who prior to taking an antipsychotic criminal record was clear except for a rare speeding ticket. I also am a professional. I now have a record for criminal retail theft that was reduced to a misdemeanor. I tried abilify next, almost a year later & had the same side effect-memory loss & retail theft. All my life I have been a law abiding citizen with no criminal record until I tried 2 different antipsychotic medications & both caused me memory loss & had a effect on my reasoning. Yes, abilify made my feel real good, but it caused me to enter into a type 2 bipolar manic phase. I am now charged again with retail theft. I feel stongly that the antipsychotics cause these severe memory loss & lack of judgment for actions being commited. I am now 50 years old & can't get a job due to my criminal record.
To relieve muscle aches and joint pain	"Started getting severe headaches from the medication.It cause high blood pressure that lasted 12 to 14 weeks after my last infusion. Also sores on my scalp,arms, laegs and buttocks that hurt so bad and our so sore.They clear up and come right back at the same exact spot. 

I ended up in the hospital. When I was at work a collapse to the floor and I didnt know what was going on until they found my blood pressure sky high and I had severe chest pains. They gave me nitro pill for my chest pain and medication to drop my blood pressure but it took almost 14 weeks before those side effects to go away. I stopped taking it back in 2004. 



However the sores have nevr gone away and I keep getting these major flare ups with the sores all over my body."	"The treatment is was fine how ever the side effects where much worest than the treatment. 



Johnson and Johnson sent me a certified letter pertaining to my problems with the side effects and I answered their questions but they never did get back to me at all about my condition."
Proven effective with adults and was tried with me to combat severe depression, regardless of the fact that it is not normally recommended for adolescents. Though starting at 37.5 mg, the psychiatrist quadrupled the dosages within one month's time to attempt to make a dent on my emotional condition.	As the dosage increased, the lack of effect turned into a complete removal of affect as well as a persistent feeling of listlessness and heaviness (like having weights on limbs and chest).	Though starting at 37.5 mg, the psychiatrist quadrupled the dosages within one month's time to attempt to make a dent on my emotional condition. The month was ended abruptly due to hospitalization for attempted suicide by overdose. I was not weened off of the medication. The doctor was then brought before a committee for misconduct in prescribing Effexor to a minor as well as disregarding warning signs of a suicidal youth. This was the worst month in regards to my depression and anxiety, and was a definite reversal in any progress that was accomplished with a different doctor on a different medication.
The treatment cured the sore throat for which it was perscribed.	During the 10 days taking the drug there were no side effects, however the day after the last dosage, I began having severe diarrhea, which persisted and was diagnosed as a bacterial infection called clostridium difficil, caused by the antibiotic I had taken.	I took omnicef orally for 10 days.  After the clostridium difficil was diagnosed, I had to start a new course of drugs which had to be repeated before the new infection/condition was cured.
one dose don't know	I took one dose on a Friday and that night I had such bad rib and breast bone pain I thought I had strained a muscle.  Today is the fourth day and still in pain. The pain is moving to my back, sides and then back to chest. Today is the fourth day with this pain and seems to getting better.  I am not going to take this drug any more.	one pill once a week
None.	I was found after taking the drug, 2 miles away from my home by the police department. I have no recollection of what happened. I do not know when I left the house & started walking, but we suspect around 6 am. I was totally incoherent, dilusional, confused & had no idea where I was at. I was in my night clothes & barefoot even.	Taken to ER & given 2 lites of Normal Saline IV. I then became rational. I was unable to even name the president!
cant say because I had to stop taking it after just 2 days due to severe after effects	excrutiaing stomach/intestinal pain	The drug was prescribed for treating H-pylori infection but it caused ore severe pain than hte ailment itself. It was too strong a drug for me and I had to be switced erothromycin and amoxcillin after only 2 days of tetracycline combo. It also made me dizzy.
Lowered blood pressure	Extreme lethargy, coughing all day and during the night. Dry mouth and gagging at night. Nausea and the feeling of a weight on my chest. Sneezing, sore throat.  Because I have allergies, I thought they were just giving me more trouble than usual. Constipation/diarrhea. The feeling of being winded with only a moderate amount of activity. I am only 15 lbs. overweight and am used to a very active life but feel down and depressed a lot and have problems getting to sleep at night.	I had an average of 135 to 145 over 80 or 90 that is called high-normal.  But because I had a stroke in my eye, my doctor felt that I had had a spike in blood pressure that caused the problem. I was given Coreg which brought the numbers down a bit, but then my Dr. felt that lisinopril would help take it down lower along with the Coreg-which it did. But then, my allergies seem to get really horrible and my breathing got worse and worse until I mentioned all of my symptoms at my three month check up today. It wasn't my allergies, it was the medication. We stopped the lisinoprol.  I have never had such bad affects from a medication. I hope the new medication will be better, but you can bet I will check it out thoroughly before taking it.
To stop a absess behind my rectum caused by crohn's, flagyl did not help but they giving to me. I trusted the Doctor's.	I have permanent Peripheral Neuropathy!	I had numerous surgeries with the insertion of c-tongs to drain abcess, they just kept bagging the flagyl into me not telling me that I could get peripheral neuropathy.  Today 8 years later I take neurontin a very low dose, can't handle higher than 200mg per day for the peripheral neuropathy,  My Neurologist has tried everything under the sun, but I guess only God can repair or give you new nerves damaged forever by the medicine.  I also take percocet 5/325 4 times a day because it takes the edge off of the burning and feeling like I have a motor sitting on top off both feet.  I also walk w/ a cain my left leg sometimes does not come forward and I have fallen breaking wrists, ribs and such.
"None, just started.

I rated a 7 due to the potential it has after one experience. Blue/green clouds are nothing to scoff at!"	Hallucinations, waking up feeling as if in out to sea on a small sailboat and i am trying to walk below deck and its very rough waves outside. I was swaying pretty hard, then came the blue and green clouds, which i had to walk through, WHICH did not go away for hours, until i called in sick and took a nap. They should put a note on the Rx bottle "will(not just may) cause hallucinations". Although, i maintained, i do not know if i will try to stay on the medication - that was 2 nights ago.	"Lexapro 10mg in the morning.

7.5mg Remeron 1 hour before bed.

Lexapro is WAY too stimulating. I cant imagine it making me groggy really, it feels almost like cathinone stimulation. On the verge of euphoric, but not, and very jittery - so i was hoping the remeron would counteract that like the doc said. Another day on the weekend this time(blue and green keyboard made it really hard to work in the morning) ill attempt to start again, hopefully that was a strange occurrence(although, it was entertaining, but not ok for going to work!)."
None	Drug-induced psychosis, resulting in 10 day commitment to a mental institution.	Many people I know - I now work as a health care professional - erroneously believe that Valium, Xanax, Ativan, and other benzodiazepines must be used "as directed" and have enhanced benefit if "built up in the brain"- ie: in ways similar to SSRI's effect on the brain over time.  I was entirely aware that diazepam is a "prn" medication, and chose to use the prescribed dosage on one particular day hoping it would carry me through a difficult situation. Unfortunately, I suffered a "paradoxical reaction" which cost me dearly in many tragic ways.  I was in a state of severe psychosis for days- because my "benzo" level was low when admitted to the hospital, I was given diazepam for an additional two days, whereupon I apparently refused to take any medication at all, and recovered as I "detoxed".  I have absolutely no memory of five days of my life.  I have done research into this phenomenon, and must warn all that this seems to occur most often in indiviguals with dopamine/GABA reuptake variants- such as those with ADHD, Parkinsons, and also PTSD.  Diazepam is a "bandaid" and offers no long-term therapeutic benefit whatsoever.  In fact, "rebound" anxiety and profound depression are common. What is most ironic is that in the medical setting, this occurs often after administration of "Versed", is recognized quickly, and fluzanimine is given as an antidote. Outside of this scenario, the patient is blamed, treated as a suspected drug addict, and stigmatized.
This drug did work at alleviating the anxiety for which it was prescribed.	My God, I'm amazed that this drug is still on the market. I'm actually an MD, and was prescribed this drug for anxiety and panic attacks. I know to give a drug about a month to work, but I lasted all of 3 days on this!! Started with a 75 mg dose, immediately fell asleep for 4 hours, woke up feeling so out of it that I could barely string a sentence together, spent the next day feeling nauseous, hot, sweaty, jittery and weak. Got leg spasms that night and woke up 12 hours post-ingestion having a rebound panic attack. When morning finally arrived, I had the kind of hangover headache that you get when you're in college and have spent the night parting and binge drinking, but without any of the fun. The next day, upon advice from my psychiatrist, I dropped the dose right down to 25 mg, with no change in side effects. 3rd day I tried only 6.25 mg (quarter of a 25 mg pill), and still felt nauseous, hot, dizzy and weak...and fell asleep for two hours. This is now day 6 and I'm finally recovering from my 3 day trip to hell with Effexor. Left a 5 min message on my psychiatrist's machine - will not be taking this crap anymore!! Will not EVER be prescribing this to any of my patients.	75 mg per day starting dose for anxiety and panic attacks.
it did clear up my uti but not worth feeling like I did after taking this drug.	severe headache, chills, fever, I literally thought I was going to die. I took the drug as prescribed with food and after taking one pill became extremely sick. I would not recommend this drug and I flushed the rest of my prescription down the toilet!!	the prescription was to take 1 pill 2x per day for 7 days.
none	severe anxiety attacks, depression, suicidal thoughts.	"I had to take 150mg daily for the 1st 5 days, then twice daily.

The tablets made me feel very anxious and depressed from day 6 onwards. I experienced a full blown anxiety attack on day 10, with racing thoughts that I could not control, suicidal thoughts, and a feeling that I was about to lose my mind. I had the presence of mind to realise that I was experiencing a reaction to the drug, but had to call a friend to spend the evening with me as I was experiencing a strong urge to kill myself. I discontinued the tablets, and the symptoms went away immediately"
"My cholesterol level, in the Uk, is 3.3 which the specialist tells me is excellent. 



Before taking Simvastatin I was prescribed Atoravastatin. The change was purely a monetary one. My cholesterol level went down from 6.25 to 3.3 with Atoravastatin."	Horrendous. Lethargy, muscle weakness, headaches, aching joints and muscles.  My symptoms and changed "personality" alarmed my family.	"For monetary reasons everyone in my surgery was prescribed Simvastatin. I had been taking Atoravastatin for years with no ill-effects.



From May till September I was taking Simvastatin. 



Returning from a holiday (ruined by the dreadful side -effects of Simvastatin), I saw my doctor. After three sentences of explanation she stopped me in my tracks by saying, *Mrs ---. You are really ill! Right, you are off all statins for a month. Your cholesterol level is excellent so you have no need to worry on that score. As from then you will be back on your old Atoravastin tablets, the lowest strength, as usual."" 



 I followed this advice and, a year later, feel GREAT!"
Aciphex was extremely effective in the treatment of GERD.  It reduced reflux and burning sensation immediately.  Unfortunately, due to severe side-effects, medication had to be discontinued.	Severe muscle pain and weakness	20 mg. taken daily.  Highly effective for treatment of GERD.   Unfortunately, resulting severe pain and weakness forced me to discontinue medication.
read details	read detals	I had been blowing my nose and itchin my throught frequently.so i went to a docter in 2008 and they said i grew into having "allergies"....which was strange cus i had never had allergies before.i took the medicine they gave me which calmed the itchy throat but did not cure it! so 2010 comes where i have better insurance now and i went to a doctor had some xrays done andi was told i had a sinus infection.....i started the cedfiner on a satuarday night.but sunday after noon,i was miserable,congested,coughing,sneezing,and a little sniffle.....by 12am that night,i was contimplating on going to the hospital.by 4am i was in the e.r....my feet had swollen.my sinus/nose area under my eyes were red and swollen,eyes were dry and red.nose just kept running chronicley.naseaus,dry throat,head ache,stomach cramps.urinating 3x a hour for a few hours.my ears felt soar in the inside,as if they were swollen........the medication was horribbbleee.but the docter had gave me another antibotic when i went to the e.r.......im scared to take it.so i stopped the medication after 3 capsules.i stoped the medication and its been 36hrs,i feel weak,feel chills through my body,dry throat,no taste buds,no scents,ears feel like i just got off of a plane,joints are sore......i do NOT recommend this medication to anyone of the human kind
"I was not on the drug lonng enough to recognize any benefits.  Medication was

discontinued when first vessicle appeared."	Acute psoritic rash accompanied by alopecia which required dermatologist care	"Many creams all were ineffective.  Because of the autoimmune disease process, light therapy could not be used.  It more or less ran its own course.  Took 

over 6 months for all rash and outbreak to subside."
none	"The drug causes PERMANENT SEXUAL DYSFUNCTION, CHRONIC FATIGUE, REDNESS AND SWELLING! This is a very dangerous drug and it should not be on the market.  Merck needs to be investigated for pawning this poison-pill onto the public. My life is completely destroyed and my side-effects have NEVER gone away.  





It also appears that Merck has filled the internet with a plethora of propecia-advertising websites in order to make consumer complaints harder to find on search engines."	Starting using it in November of 1999 and stopped using during the summer of 2000.
Generally more ability to take charge of my life, organise myself and feel good about myself.  Not avoiding situations like I used to and generally able to hold myself together and not fear having onset dizziness/lethargy/tiredness/weakness/withdrawal/stress/hyperventilation that comes with extreme GAD.  Waking up and not deliberating my every move, ability to sleep at nite and not get myself into a state of panic, less paranoia more inner confidence and self assurance.	Initially it was torture, and this usually puts people off but for those who feel they can not get through it, take a few days 1/2 weeks of work or school or whatever the case may be and suffer it out cause it's a gateway to a new life!! It was torture, I felt like I was loosing it initially, althou there was a great enjoyment aspect as well that sort of reminded me of an experience I had on amphetemines many moons ago!! I was walking around for two days on the verge of an orgasm!! Sadly that was the only plus beyond that there was nausea, acid/burn in my stomach inability to eat lost 4 lbs that was followed with overeating and constipation, nitemares nitesweats, fuzzy feeling in general more anxiety inability to step outside my zone! It passes after bout two weeks roughly and then u start to feel the benefits!! Well nd truly feeling the benefits after two months.	Started on 75 and increased to 150 after a month and felt on top of the world after two months!! I would highly recommend to any one with sever gad! I have tried many other ssris four in total and had no luck, in fact had luck initially with Paroxetine but lapsed after about three months! So this has given me my life back well and truly!!
It mostly eliminated the urge to smoke, allowing me to quit. Having tried other drugs to quit smoking, I was shocked by how effective this drug was.	Severe depression, suicidal, that continued for eight months until I decided to start smoking again. Drug made my kidneys ache. My daughter had similar depression/suicidal side effects. In my opinion a dangerous drug.	I followed the recommended drug regime, until I reached a dose of 1 mg a day. I did not feel the need to increase dosage beyond that, as I stopped smoking, and was having side effects of nausea, stomach cramps, kidney pain, as well as mood changes, which I had anticipated, and thought were normal.
I had been having abdominal pain for quites some time which was diagnosed as h-pylorybacter.  I started taking the Biaxin as pary of Prevpac.  In about 3 days, I noticed that the pain was lessening and I was feeling less run down. I had been ill due to the condition being undiagnosed for about 5 months. The infection was clearing up	After  taking the Biaxin for 9 days and feeling much improvement, I started noticing some itchy bumps on my legs.  Over the next 2 days, my whole body erupted into welts, especially in the axilla, the groin. I called my doctoe and stopped the Biaxin. I continued to have new hives each day for the next 5 days.  Gradually they went away.	To eliminate the side effects of hives, I had to stop the Biaxin and all other medication.  I ties taking Sudaphed to control the itching, but this was not effective.  I ended up going to the emergency room because the welst were so itchy and painful and I had not slept in 2 days.  They were unable to give me any medication for the reaction beacuse of my gastrointestinal distress.  I had to jus wait it out.
I got much better in a few days.	Started having hallucinations. Began to see dead people (mother, father,siblings) after a few days, couldn't move. just sat in one place staring. A neighbor finally took me to the hospital. Afterward, the doctor told me that I had had both a heart attack and a stroke as a result of the medicine.	By day 3 on the pills I was losing touch with reality. By day 5 I was hospitalized in intensive care.
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
8	Highly Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
3	Considerably Effective
2	Considerably Effective
4	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
3	Moderately Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
3	Considerably Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Marginally Effective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
4	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
3	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
7	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
6	Highly Effective
3	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
8	Highly Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Considerably Effective
