	I experienced complete clearing of the Vaginosis after the regimin was completed.	I took the antibiotic as prescribed every day, twice a day, one pill each time. My Bacterial Vaginosis cleared up after treatment. However, I did have a slight yeast infection that went away with an OTC treatment.
	Smoother more gradual onset and effect than Adderall. Effective at controlling ADD symptoms previously controlled by Adderall however this drug seems more natural and transparent. Less tension and anxiety. Less "druggy" unnatural feelings and thoughts.	Switched from Adderall to Dexedrine to compare the effects. Dexedrine is simply dextroamphetamine while Adderall is a mixture of Amphetamine salts. This might explain the increased effectiveness of the Dexedrine contrary to popular belief. I found it important to take several relatively low doses frequently to achieve a balanced effect.
	cure the ezcema and it took aout teh roughest of the skin	to apply once a day afeter cleaning the skin, and avoid direct sunlight
	I took isotretinoin for persistent adult acne.  My skin was not by any means awful, but I did have evident pimples on my forehead and chin, and awful, awful blackheads on my nose that despite daily steaming and extraction, were terrible.  The drug totally cleared up my face, and my blackhead literally dried up in front of my eyes.  My once horribly oily skin changed to almost normal.	I have to confess that I'm confused by this section.  There were no real "details" associated with my treatment aside from what I've alreay described.
	The treatment benefits included Skin Regeneration, and decreased Acne.  My skin felt more smooth and the pigmentation was disapearing.  Overall, the goals were accomplished however the redness of the skin took over.	My routine included Daily use of Micro Retin A pump.  I applied the Retin A Micro pump to my entire face at night after washing my face.  I used a moisturizer and sun screen in the morning.
	Reduce number of MS relapses	subcutaneous injection 3x weekly
	Eventually Cleared my moderate acne. Had recieved antibiotics etc previosly which reduced it from severe to moderate, but then accutane completely cleared my skin after 5 months	I can't remember ever having the initial flare ups/breakouts other people have reported. I was warned about this by my dermatologist but i can't say i remember it. I noticed no difference in the first few months and became very frustrated at this. It was only towards the end of the fourth month that it started to become noticablly clearer with only a few spots. By the end of the fifth month i was clear, and remained clear for a year. However the oilyness of my skin has returned and i would now class my skin as having mild acne, but it only affects the areas around my nose, unlike before where i had it all over my cheeks. If you notice any spots return, contact your derm to be put on a second course of accutane as i am, otherwise it can return more serverly and undo all the progress you have previously made.
	acne cleared totally,skin became even.	conglobate acne treatment with roaccutane 1mg/kg, lasting 6 months.the patient took 60 mg daily.
	Skin in certain areas (e.g. forehead, cheeks) sun damage became less noticeable. Fine lines have slightly improved. However fine lines on the lower eyelids have become worse. It was therefore, not used on fine lines on the lower eyelids the entire 1 year. I have used it approximately 4 months out of the 1 year in this area. It made it crease up and look wrinkled	Renova applied once at nightime approx 20 minutes after cleansing. If skin was particularly dry a light moisturiser would be applied approximately 20 minutes after the Renova was applied
	It made me feel like my old self again, i was able to go to work and actually get things done and the medication took care of the edgy feeling i had and alot of my tendency to fly off the handle.  The medicine seemed to work great except for a few side effects.	take 20 mg daily and therapy.
	it decreased my acne but never acne free,less oily skin,	i dont recommend it for acne more than 50 mg a day hair thinning really made me scared of the drug,
	I liked this drug very much, because the stronger doses of antibiotics gave me horrible yeast infections. However, this one didn't quite so much. It still kept my acne at bay, and worked.	I took a 75 mg antibiotic for acne for about a year, then, because it was giving me bad yeast infections, my derm switched  me to Oracea. I got a card with the prescription that made it FREE with my insurance!!
	I sought treatment for two problems in my life: my temper with my daughter and my lack of motivation.  This drug really helped me to control my temper.  In fact, the temper became nonexistent.  I used to yell a lot and stopped completely within two weeks of being on this medication.  However, this was the only benefit I experienced.	"I missed an appointment with my doctor and was not able to get a refill, so I have been off the Lexapro for a week.  In that time, I no longer needed to take naps and although I still procrastinate, it's back to the ""pre-Lexapro"" levels of procrastination, not the terrible levels I experienced while on the drug.  My temper did come back, though.  The withdrawals caused me to be so nauseous that I began throwing up and have had migraines ever since I stopped taking it.  (Again, my doctor said ""This medication shouldn't do that. Maybe you have the flu."")  Last night, though, I had great sex with my husband and was able to orgasm easily.  



Needless to say, at my doctor's appointment today I asked to be switched and will begin Wellbutrin right away.  (Oh, and I fired that doctor.)"
	the treatment benefits for the cream Tazorac were improved skin tone, appearance of reduced wrinkles on forehead, undereye area, upper lip and nose. The skin felt softer and pimples were not prominent.	The treatment details for the skin gel Tazorac was to apply it once a day, or in my case nightly to the face. Not more than a small pea size of cream was directed however this was quickly absorbed into the skin and could not be applied over the remainging area of the face. Caution was applied in ensuring that the treatment gel was not applied to mucosal areas. Nevertheless it did radiate to areas such as the eyes and lips causing severe dryness and chafing.
	Very good euphoria. More focused in school. Had a very very good feeling in torso area. I forget to eat sometimes and afterwards stomache hurts very  very bad. You do not realize that your hungry.	Took 2 in the morning before school.
	It's been only one week and I am seriously amazed at the results. some small spots are invisible and i can see the larger ones fading, my skin already looks more even and balanced and less irritated...after only one week!!! I also love the matte finish it leaves, so you are looking greasy and oily all day. It's hard to believe but I am getting really excited for the results	4% once a day in cream form
	Well I just wanted to comment or get some incite on this medication. I was just proscribed this medication yesterday took first one before bed as doctor said and woke up this morning feeling like i had drank a case of beer i stumbled getting up out of bed then i felt like i was dying of thirst was just wondering how normal this was? Oh and i was very sleepy and unable to wake up till nearly noon i started to sober up. I have a 3yr old son that i stay home with so i need to be able to function. when i had spoke to my doctor about the problems i was having i told him that i did not want to be on anything strong i had previously been put on Vicodin, oxy-codone and flexeral i hated it i could not take care of my son i could not function im just trying to find a solution for my pain without being messed up.! See back in October of 2009 i fell backwards into a dresser corner while putting my sons clothes up in welkin closet had two possible fractures and two slipped disks was in a neck brace from oct-feb so please let me know if you have any idea what i can do my insurance will not cover physical therapy unfortunately .....	treatment was suppose to be to help control neck pain and headaches
	Minimized pain immediatley and made back injury seem non-existant	Have a bulging disc.  I was given Carisoprodol to relieve the pain.  I took the medication for 2 weeks.  I actually needed it much longer but the side effects were too intense.  This medication does relieve pain but in no way cures injury.
	My overall cholesterol reduced to just over 4, but not LDL which still remained high within that total. This in my opinion is due to my thyroid condition.	My cardiologist orginally prescribed atorvastatin and Omacor (at my asking about Omega 3 efficacy) due to my having a completed blocked artery in my heart (discovered on an ebt scan by my thyroid doc). I have since tried other statins but have not stayed on any of them very long due to lack of results in bringing down my LDL and side effects such as stomach pain.
	Chantix did effectively reduce the urge to have a cigarette.  Taken twice per day was most effective, but side effects precluded that dosage for this patient(see below). Chantix was taken in the morning, and patient rarely, if ever, even thought of wanting or 'needing' a cigarette during the day.  In the evening, however, (when the second pill was due to be taken, but wasn't), and especially if patient had an alcoholic beverage, the urge to smoke returned  with a vengence, though a few puffs were all it took to kill the urge.  When patient stopped taking Chantix (after a year of use), the urge for nicotine returned.	Chantix was prescribed per the guidelines noted by the manufacturer.  As noted above, the dosage was altered by the patient to alleviate negative side effects.  Although a stop-smoking plan was packaged with the initial prescription, the patient stopped participating in the follow up due to the lack of urges for cigarettes.  This, however, may be why the patient was on the prescription for a year versus a few months.
	Viagra did help me in acheiving an erection after prostrate surgery. Other methods that were offered were not as attractive at the 3 times daily dosage of Viagra.	I was given Viagra to correct ED after a racial prostate surgery. The side effects vs. the benfits of Viagra were not worth it.
	decreased appetite, help to stop abusing alcohol	plan to keep taking and hope side effects decrease over time, possibly increasing dose, taking xanax to help with anxiety.  Took paxil and lexapro in past, gave me suicidal thoughts and actions when drinking alcohol with them.  Decided ssri's are not for me. keep hoping wellbutrin will help soon.
	The benefits from the ambien CR were phenominal when trying to fall asleep. It worked very well.	12.5 mg for insomnia nightly
	got rid of the uti, however, it took longer than d-mannose a non-prescription otc natural sugar which also had no side-effects	This drug got rid of the infection, however, since that time I have discovered d-mannose from the health food store it works faster and does not have any side effects, is cheaper, no doctor visit required
	While taking Xyrem, I slept exceptionally well at night, woke up rested, and strangely, within months of starting the medication, lost fifteen or more pounds.	Lack of sleep severely impacts my mood and none of the other sedative medications that I had tried worked, so I tried xyrem with beneficial effects.
	Over time, this drug caused a massive reduction in my OCD hand washing rituals. I also no longer had to avoid public places for fear of germs.  Furthermore, clomipramine caused an immediate decrease in day to day anxiety and worry.	I suffered severe depression and OCD.  Clomipramine was not the first drug tried, but it was the only SSRI to work for me. However, any benefits to SSRI drugs are countered by the havoc they play on your sex life.
	I would say that in general, I feel more happy since im taking Effexor. I am more patient and less agressive. I was really irritable with a constatly ''under pressure'' feeling before. Now i feel a bit less concentrate maybe but way more relax.	I take 1 pill 37.5 mg each morning, they will up me to 75 mg and i will see if i feel better than better.
	As near as we can tell, this drug (which is intended for men with enlarged prostates) relaxed ureter muscles, relieving the sensation of kidney stone pain, and also relaxed bladder muscles that had caused painful urination.	Once kidney stones were ruled out as the cause, the choices were to "wait it out," or to try this medication. Directions were pretty straightforward---take the pill after a meal; don't drive if feeling dizzy or drowsy; drink plenty of water.
	reduction of pain, pain reduction was necessary in order to be able to withstand the pain of aggressive physical therapy, i reduced the frequency of use after the first 3 days to avoid secondary complications such as intestinal damage, constipation, etc.	this was re-hab following shoulder arthroscopic surgery
	Wrinles seemed less defined	Apply once dayly
	i no longer had seizures. i was having a seizure everytime i ate food. my sizure responce was food.	I was givin an eeg. from that point my doctor decided i needed a fairly high dose It took 30 days before enough tegretol had built up in my system before the seizures were under control.
	Malaria prevention.  Also patient did not intcounter any mosquito bites.	The pills were taken three days before the flight to South Africa, specifically one pill a day for ten days or duration of trip. Upon arrival home to the United States the pills were taken for a few more days.
	I was only sleeping around 5 hrs per night. I felt sleepy ALL the time. I had episodes when my whole body would ache, every joint and muscle. It felt like someone had their hands around my neck, squeezing it until my eyes would pop out	I started with 10mg.  I noticed a difference after just one week. It worked really GREAT. I was able to sleep with no problems at all. If I woke up for any reason, I'd just fall back to sleep right away.  It was a lifesaver to me. I wish I could still take it.
	marked reduction in hyperpigmented (age) spots, marked reduction in wrinkles around mouth and eyes, skin surface became much smoother and softer.  Truly turned back time.  Visible results within weeks and first 2 months were remarkable, but over the last year, the benefits have continued and areas of brown discoloration I thought would need laser therapy are almost cleared up!  I also had some scar dents that have cleared up and/or mostly gone!	see above (included in above answer)
	Since using the Retin-A along with the Accutane, I have noticed a great improvement in the look of my skin.  There are less clogged pores and it definitely more smooth and even in skin tone.  Any fine lines around my mouth and on my forehead have diminished but it hasn't helped much with fine lines around my eyes.	I use Retin-A 0.25% every evening along with 70 mg of Accutane a day.  I will have to continue the Retin-A for at least a year.
	The medication ease the nausea and my stomach was at ease for at more than a week.  The medication relaxed the muscles in my stomach and released the gas trapped.	I was being treated for nausea cause by trapped gas in the stomach and intestines.
	helped lower blood sugar	Took Metformin (2) times along with Actos. Lowered blood sugar somewhat, but the side effects were terrible. Cut dose back to just Metformin, dropped Actos completely. Along with diet change & excercise it has lowered blood sugar levels I would say 20%
	helped with muscle spasms in my hips. Helped reduce pain from the spasms - particularly good when driving or sitting for a long time.	I was told to take it PRN - in other words on an "as needed basis" - which given that I have a type of hip dysplasia, was fairly often.
	after the tritation period, where the drug dosage was increased each week, the headaches became less severe and less frequent. from having 2-3 migraines a week to eventually having none and was able to discontinue the medication.	"The ""stupormax"" of Topamax lasted a few days each time the dosage increased during the tritation period. one point I was afraid to drive- as I ran over a curb, made WIDE turns and even bumped the wall in the garage! 

the fluid retention due to dehydration was noticeable in my upper arms and upper thighs(dimpling). Now that I have been off the RX for a while now, my arms are toned and legs are lean & sleak.



BUT No MORE headaches!! Praise God!



BTW, never lost weight on this drug as some do-- since discontinued I have lost 7 lbs."
	This drug did, in fact, erradicate the adult acne I'd been plagued with since turning 29.  I didn't have awful acne, but it was persistent.	I was instructed by my dermatologist to wash my face nightly with a benign cleanser, wait twenty to thirty minutes, and then apply a very light film of product to my face and neck.  Be careful not to apply the product directly up against the side of the nose or the nostrils, or you'll suffer irritation.
	Worked to well	I was on 20mg celexa for about 6 months,  Ive suffered with depression and anxiety for some time now.  I was on wellbutrin for 2 years and loved it, but doesnt help much with anxiety, just more of depression.  So i tried celexa and loved it initially, but i guess you can say that i dint like it because it worked too well!  I completely changed.  I didnt care much about going out or what people and friends thought about me.  Im a contractor and started to get a feeling of not wanting to go on lots of bids or work long hours like i use to want to...which caused a big drop in income.  Paying bills at the last secound, started smoking again etc. I just had that 'i dont give a shyt about anything' attitude. For me this drug completely changed me for the worst.  Back on welbutrin again and feels great!
	Lexapro worked very well to make me feel better, less anxious and unhappy.	"I've taken several anti-depressants over the years trying to find something with the least side effects for me. Paxil caused my jaw to always clench, Prozac caused heart flutters.



My doctor was very insistant that Lexapro was not the cause of my weight gain. However, I insisted on trying something else (Wellbutrin). Within 2 months I had lost the aberrant 10 pounds."
	The skin tone got better, more uniformness, got rid of part of melasma and freckles. Reducing oiliness and minimizing pore size. Getting rid of acnee spots very fast.	2-3 times x week
	I was prescribed Keflex to take as a precaution to prevent infection prior to a scheduled surgery.  I took if for several days before and after the surgery.	I was instructed to take Keflex 3 times a day, or it might have been 4, but that I did not have to wake myself up at night to take it.
	Within the first few days, could tell a dramatic difference in my sinus infection clearing up.  After the full two week dosage, 98% better!	Just dealth with the awkward taste.  Took over the counter suppositories for the yeast infection.
	Alleviation of mild depression, effective progressively after 3 weeks of start. Removal of anxiety.	"20mg daily for 3 months, taken as one pill each evening

10mg daily subsequently for 6 months."
	It reduced the amount of acid that my stomach produced and therefore allowed my stomach and esophagus to heal to some degree. I also took it for years to control my regular acid reflux problems.	Eventually my body was so used to the Prilosec that it was almost impossible to get off. My body was working very hard to produce enough acid for protein digestion that whenever I stopped taking Prilosec there would be a huge backlash of extreme acid production.
	BENRFITS OF TREATMENT: Unsure - My legs ache. I don't remember ever having any real pain, other than an annoying ache in both legs. I feel as though I am walking in wet fishing boots.  There is a buzzing in my legs and feet. It has over the past several years crept up from my ankles to above my knees. With all this I do very well walking a slow pace - sometimes like a drunken Sailor. I walk down 101 stairs  tale a short walk and come back up 2 at a time (slowly) holding onto a rail (now).	Treatment Details: Take 1 Gaberpentin capsule (300MG) by mouth three times a day. Morning about breakfast time, Noon before lunch and night after dinner. 1 Unithroid Tab. (1000 MCG) before breakfast. Metformin (850MG) 2 times a day. Morning and night. FLOMAX (0.4 MG) at night after dinner. Aricept (10MG) tab at night after dinner.
	restful sleep	I was refered to a pharmacology specialist to see how I could be weaned off such a large dose in order to help control my weight because of the triggering of the carbohydrate cravings for which elavil is well known for.  I have partiall been switched to topamax( 150mg hs with 225mg elavil hs) and I almost immediately lost 15lbs)
	I would get painful swelling in my feet.  I could not even stand the bed sheet to touch my feet.  One time while on vacation I was swollen up to my knees.  The medication makes my life easier.  I don't have to worry that when I wake up I won't be able to walk around my house.  I rarely have any slight indication that the gout is going to be a problem.	I just take one pill per day.  I take it every day as a prevention.  I think it controls the uric acid my body produces  too much of that causes the fluid retention and the swelling.
	I felt that i did not feel any benefits from this drug.	Starting dose 20mg daily. Increased to 40mg daily after initial six weeks.
	Sometimes lessoned redness	Several years ago I was diagnosed with rosacea.  Metrogel was prescribed by my family doctor.  At the time I had oily skin.  It was prescribed to be used 2 times a day.  I was also told to use Cetaphil cleanser.  My rosacea symptoms were redness, burning skin that felt hot to the touch.  I used the Metrogel religiously as prescribed.  For the first 2 weeks, it burned on contact.  I hated it.  After awhile my skin started calming down and I stopped using the Metrogel.  Everytime my skin flared up I would use it again.  I'm using it right now.  I can't really say if the Metrogel helped at all.  Sometimes I think it is very irritating but I'm told to use it when necessary. Redness is sometimes better after use, but I don't know if it the result of the Metrogel.  I would like to find something better out there.
	This drug definitely helped control flares and joint stiffness. It also helped defeat the incredible amount of hives. Hives were completely controlled.	One injection every week.
	none	"I have been using modafinil since 5 days, 100mg for 3 days and 200 mg for 2 days along with citalopram 15(mg) as prescribed by my doc.Initially for 3 days (when I was on 100mg) it was ok,just slight irritability.But after taking 200mg felt the following-:



1.)Tired never before after 5hours



2.)Then began hallucination,felt like I am dreaming



3.) I became anxious,irritable and jittery feeling overcame me.



4.)Stomach bloating was so high that it bothered my heart a lot.



5.)Coudn't get a sound sleep.





Not sure whether this happened because of modafinil alone or the mixing of citalopram and modafinil. But it sure did bother me."
	reduces pain	i began using this medication for back pain over a year ago.
	at the highest dosage, the generic, gabapentin, seemingly reduced nerve pain resulting from Peripheral Neuropathy following surgery to remove neuromas in both feet (although it is a very subjective pain, which is affected by other factors: tension, sitting for prolonged periods, etc.)	started at 300mg/day, gradually increased to 3600.  have since tapered off to 1200.
	i could control my panic and knew i could. therefore, just having lorazepam with me was often enough. over the years, my attacks diminished, first in severity, then in quantity.	one half to one pill at the first feelings of panic. better to let it absorb through the tongue for faster results.
	My obsessive thoughts completely disappeared. This was a huge relief because before that I was comparing myself to others 24/7. I was able to handle stressful situations calmly. Nothing could make me upset.	My dose was increased from 10 mg to 20 mg after about 2 months. I took the 20 mg dose for one month but then I abruptly stopped because of the side effects. I did not have any problem stopping the pill (no withdrawal symptoms at all). My sex drive and the ability to orgasm came back.
	The only benefit I received from this drug was the ability to get through my day without experiencing unbearable pain. My sciatica was not a condition that flared up continually; rather, it came approximately 4-6 times per month.	The plan was a permanent solution to my occasional flare-ups of sciatica.  My physician basically stated that there was no cure for my pain; therefore, I needed to be placed on a prescription regimen that would hopefully reduce the occurrence and/or frequency of sciatica.  Each bottle contained a 60 day supply with enough refills to last me an entire year.  I have 2 herniated discs, one at L4-L5 and the other at S1.  The herniation at L4-L5 was causing pressure on my sciatic nerve which runs down the length of the left leg.  For me, this drug was not effective; perhaps, if I had continual pain I would learn to live with the side-effects.  I did stop taking any medications for my condition and am learning to cope without prescriptions at this time.  It appears that eventually I will need to take medication but I want to avoid feeling "doped up" for as long as possible.
	None.  I went from 140lbs down to 98lbs.  I did have reoccuring episodes (TIA like - diagnosed as TIA for lack of conclusive evidence or further investigation)  I now believe it was mostly stress and menopause related issues.	I am not sure what you mean as I already told you that I was being treated for TIA like seizures with the Clonozapam and Aggrenox as a blood thinner for the same.  I also took Lovastatin for High Cholesterol.  In the course of all these medications I ended up getting a divorce.  The drugs did not lower my cholesterol... they made me more nervous and made me question what on earth was wrong with me?  I now weigh more than I ever have, and I started to gain wieght almost immediately after getting off of the drugs.  I could use to lose 20lbs, but I am not worried about it as I am so much healthier than I was during the time I was on all of the drugs.  I hope this has helped you in some way.  I am sorry that I can't be more specific, but I am in a hurry to put all of that behind me and build a healthier - drug free future.  I am very much a proponent of natural medicines these days!
	aldara was used on several areas on my face where i had scar revision surgery to help heal surgical wound on face.  It was prescribed by my doctor to speed up healing.	to put aldara on the surgical wounds 3 x per week for 8 hours at nite. treatment began immediately after the surgery and was used while the stitches were still in...the stitches were removed after one week and treatment with aldara continued.
	Medication helped with depression, my irritable bowel syndrome, appetite control, and there were no sexual side effects	I was treated for several years with the above medication, it worked better than anything I had tried. I was able to taper off the medication--NEVER quit abruptly--and have been doing fine. I began running to help with the depression and IBS and, in my opinion, it works very well. I still have times of irritability, but that's normal life, right?
	Cured the tonsilitis/strep throat	Instructed to take two 250mg capsules every 8 hrs for 10 days. No discussion about possible side effects or what to do should they occur. I thought my skin had come into contact with something that I was allergic to because I didn't realize it was a drug reaction since that rash started on the 8th day antibiotics.
	The drug did seem to make me feel more confident at the beginning, however towards the 10 11 months it didn't seem to work anymore.	I just had to take the medication, there was no suggestion on counseling.
	Apparently, this ace inhibitor has positive effects against retinal and renal pathologies associated with diabetes and other cardio-vascular diseases.	My doctor prescribed this medication as a prophylactic measure, since I have had Type I diabetes for the last 33 years. Recent tests have shown traces of protien in my urine possibly indicating early signs of renal failure.
	I needed to switch from straterra which made me very very depressed quiet and i slept for like an hour each night with that drug it was horrible. I switched to Vyvanse and the first time i took it, it was like an anti deppresant at first i was the normal happy hyper me but i could still focus very well on studying but when i started comming down from it that was the worst i was dry heaving with a TERRIBLE HEADACHE for an hour and then i would just throw everything up it made me very irritated i would twitch ALOT and my heart beat was fast and very heavy but after my second day my body started getting use to it and i havent had anymore problems with it.	So far the throwing up has stopped and the headaches come and go no food even looks good to eat no cravings very easy to diet ;) and passing all my finals was AMAZING. This drug makes strattera look like tylenol!
	The Darvocet helped with the pain very well in the beginning after returning home from the hospital, but within a week and a half I began to feel as if it weren't helping as much and I needed more. After my two weeks were up on taking it, I gradually just didn't need it any more.	I had surgery for endometriosis that left me in the hospital for over a week.  The doctor had to cut my stomach totally across the bottom to rid my body of the diseased tissue.  I'd been on morphine in the hospital, then came home taking the Darvocet for the next two weeks.
	A non return of breast cancer	"I had a mastectomy and radio therapy followed by 6 months of chemotherapy and then tamoxifen. Weight gain and ceasing mensturation may have been caused byt he combined effects of the chemotherapyt and tamoxifen.

Given I had 3 polyps removed it was decided to cease tamoxifen in the 5th year."
	There was very little benefit to me. I was having psychotic episodes every day. The drug puportedly taken to stop the episodes did nothing. The best thing it did was make me drowsy and help me sleep.	I see a psychiatrist monthly. I have tried every drug recommended for Schizophrenia and none of the drugs have worked. I still have psychotic episodes.
	pregnancy prevention	standard, daily contraception routine - one pill taken every night for 21 days followed by 7 placebo pills
	My acne improved when accompanied by monthly exfoliation peels.	Application of creme to clean skin in the morning and evening. It was the most effective acne treatment I have used that didn't cause excessive drying or irration to my skin.
	The drug prevented emotional highs and lows.  Specifically helped with crying too much.  Lessened the intense "caring".  In some cases, it lessened it too much.	This was part of a treatment for Adult ADD.  I continued it for depression.
	In comparison with other antidepression medications I have taken prior to the effexor, It actually began working faster than the others (after about 2 weeks).  Most antidepressants usually take closer to 4 weeks to see improvements. Depression symptoms were significantly reduced.	150 mg daily
	The benefits of Celexa have been surprising and welcome.  Over the passt 15 years I've been given every anti-depressant the doctors could think of.  Most had no effect at all, some had such uncomfortable side effects that I couldn't take them long enough to find out if they would help at all.  One (I can't remember the name) actually lifted my depression almost immediately and made me feel great, but after about 3 weeks I was suddenly plunged into a depression that was darker and more frightening than any I'd experienced before.  I stopped taking it.	I take 1 1/2 40 mg. tablets of Celexa once a day.
	benefits were the pain relieving benefits	Took this med following surgery for pain control.
	This medication was prescribed for its side effect of drowsiness.  Although it is mainly used as an anti-depressant, in the tricyclic family, it causes considerable drowsiness at even a low dose of 50mg.  This immediately helped with my insomnia.  It also caused no daytime "hangover" effect and the dose can be increased easily.	This was prescribed by my psychiatrist after trying several newer hypnotics.  The newer medications such as Ambien and Lunestra caused sleep disturbances, particularly altered dreams states.  In the case of the latter, it is prohibitively expensive.
	Some symptoms of depression - crying all the time, dark thoughts - were lessened, although hard to know how much benefit the treatment gave all told or whether I would have come through it anyway as I had in the past.	20mg once daily for 5 months, weaning self off over 1 month decreasing dosage until 10mg every two days then stopped
	The drug seemed to effectively treat the symptoms of depression for a year or so.  After the first year or so the depression seemed to come back now and then - although it did seem to be cyclical.	There were no other details of the treatment.  I changed to another drug that worked more effectively and have been on that one for several years.
	I have clinical depression with aggitation and anger. This medication seemed to take the edge off the anger as well as decrease my depressive symptoms. I started at 10mg, then shortly increased to 20mg, which left me feeling too drugged. It was only after 12+ months of taking 10 mg that it was increased due to increasing depressive symptoms.	I'm not sure waht you mean here- I started on the medication over 2 years ago at 10 mg a day. The dosage was increased to 20 mg after about 12 months.  The side effects were limited, and mostly not perticularly bothersome.
	..	"I am 27, When I was in 9th grade I became ill with lyme disease. It was so severe that I was out of school for two years, and instead of going back to school and graduating HS at the age of 20 I got my GED and joined the Army. I had a MOS that did not require much thinking on your own. And because of that I was very successful. I made rank quick, was very respected, became the NCO of the year twice, became a Drill Sgt. and because of all my military success I had no problem getting into a tier one college. out of all my deployments and undescribable situations Ive been in, nothing compared with the stress of college. once identifying that I had a learning problem. I was prescribed Vyvanse.

I am now going into my senior year and I am ranked in the top 5% of my class. Vyvanse has given me focus and direction. With the good comes the bad. I have lost alot of muscle(I think it all went to my brain). I become aggressive and some times its hard to put into check before I lose control.

and I always have the desire to drink alcohol. For the most part I am able to have self control, but its not easy. I plan on continuing Vyvanse through Grad school. I would recommend this drug, You just need to have a good sense of self awareness, and keep your eye on the prize."
	"After about an hour, headaches disappear. This drug works better for me than other drugs taken before the year 2000, such as Imitrex and Zomig which I took for migraines. Imitrex sped up my heart which scared me. Zomig took 2 hours to work for me.

Maxalt changed my life as I finally am able to function instead of wasting a whole day in a dark room in tears from the pain of migraine. I do not miss work days anymore."	In the 70's and 80's I just had to suffer from the pain and miss work days and cry in a dark room. I would take OTC sleep aids just to escape the agony. Found a Dr who prescibed Imitrex about 1989 which helped, but then in the late 90's my new doctor who also was a migraine sufferer suggested I try Maxalt and it has been what I prefer. My headaches are fewer now, probably because of Menopause which I am now using bio-identical hormones, biest and progesterone.
	The medication treated the depression without the sexual side-effects that accompanied several other medications for depression.	I was prescribed Wellbutrin, was on it for approximately 5 months and gradually stopped over the course of a few days.
	Pills helped to lower my blood pressure.  Also helped to relieve water retention.  Eliminated headaches associated with high blood pressure.  Although possibly unrelated experienced some weight loss.	n/a
	the hives were controlled	I am to take this in the morning daily.  I am afraid to stop it because I fear the hives will return, but the sleepiness and lethargy in the afternoon is not pleasant.  I am considering cutting the tablet in two.  I have stopped the pill altogether for a few days to see what happens since I was told to "take as needed".
	"When you are in a mild depression or dystimia the worst thing is that you are unable to think or concentrate, you feel sleep and tired all the day. It's like 

having a permament cloud in your mind. I think that this treatment is helping me a lot: now I have a sharper mind, I feel more energetic and I can concentrate properly."	The treatment consists of Cymbalta 60mg and Deprax 50 mg, but it has been changed many times. The most difficult has been to induce sleep for some hours without feeling too sleepy in the morning. I tried with Loramet and Diazepam but their effect last too much, it's impossible to concentrate. Deprax 100mg is the best I've taken to sleep. Now I'm taking just 50mg and I don't fall sleep so quick but it's fine, I have enough rest.
	Got rid of my raging epidimytis and prostatitis. The pain started to subside within 2-3 days. Within the first week almost all symptoms were gone. Minor symptoms persisted until the 11-12 day. By the 14th day all symptoms were gone. BUT - the side effects were awful.	14 days of this crazy drug solved my infection, but the side effects were killer. Ask your doctor about alternatives before starting ciprofloxacin.
	Less depressed, I could consintrate on daily life better. I was happier, less anxious, stopped worrying so much.	I was suppose to take 20mg daily for treatment of depression, it helped my depression but i often felt manic and 'not myself'
	I feel alot less pain taking the Flexeril (only at night) and the Lyrica.	For Fibromyalgia, in the morning I take half of a multi-Vitamin and 50mg of Lyrica. 5 days out of 7 days, I excercise for 20 to 30 minutes on a tredmill. In the evening, I take half a multi-Vitamin, 100mg of Lyrica, and 5mg of Flexeril
	Seroquel is the first medication that really seemed to work for me. I have taken it along with several different combinations of meds, but the Seroquel has remained in my regimen for the past 5 years. I play with the dosage and make my own changes (25 mgs at a time) based on how I'm doing, so I've taken between 200 and 400 mgs at any given time. The effects I attribute to the Seroquel include lessening of depression, anxiety and aggression.	I currently take 200 mgs at night before bed along with 200 mgs of Lamictal and Wellbutron. No therapy anymore.
	"Initially I was prescribed it to knock me the hell out after 4 days of beautifully manic insomnia. Then after the mixed episode ended they spiked the dose over the course of a few months to 300, where it sits. 



The effects, compared to when I was in the episode I'm very stable. Occasional bouts of mild, often topical depression, but otherwise okay. 

As for insomnia, it's gotten to the point where I'm almost dependent on it to sleep. Considering beforehand, even while not in a noted phase I would have serious problems sleeping, this is a welcome effect."	"Dec 08- Zoloft, sparked a 3 week long mixed phase with psychotic features. 4 days into it I was prescribed 25 mg seroquel.



Jan 09-April 09, Increasing doses of Seroquel, up to 300. Also Wellbutrin, starting at 50 and eventually reaching 300. The wellbutrin made me considerably more depressed than I was before, and I stopped taking it. Since then it's been the seroquel, and I've been mostly stable since."
	I'm only four days in, but I already feel more like myself than I have in a year and a half.  The effects were almost immediate.  I've taken more responsibility, had more energy, and been more outgoing already.	With continue chemical therapy using Celexa, I look forward to massive improvement in my overall mood and personality.
	No improvement at all in symptoms.	At 14 I was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism and this was corrected through medication (thyroid disorders are prevalent in my mother's family).  I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism (TSH 14.5) this past December and evidence of an auto immune disorder.  Since, I have been on 50mcg daily, my TSH tests normal but  there has been no improvements in symptoms.
	Daily application, cured the fungal infection despite side effects.  Over the counter use of lotrimin AG did no work, and prescription alternaitve medication using miconizole nitrate (same as in monistay) cost upwards of $200 / tube, as my insurance did not cover much of it.	had to apply with each diaper change, along with a otc diaper cream or applied with aquaphor, and twice a day had to add the otc hydrocortisone cream.
	I experienced a weight loss of approximately 3 kg in 1 month. The effects tapered off in the second month with the total weight loss to be estimated at 6 kg. Subsequently I felt less urge to snack	I took the medication for 3 months, 3 times a week to prevent addiction. The treatment is optional with Mediaxal another weight loss drug which I opted out. I noticed an obvious decrease in appetite during the first 3 weeks with a gradual return of my appetite. I went back for a review every 2 weeks where my blood pressure and weight was recorded. The medicine was supplemented with a low calorie diet and exercise.
	Eventual Acne reduction.	After struggling with acne throughout my teens, I was put on accutane with promises of a 'miracle drug.' My acne eventually cleared, but severe drug-induced 'flare-ups' of more acne were common, as well as feelings of depression.
	"After about a week, I started to see a small reduction in the size of the fluid-filled cysts behind my knees.  Over the 3-week treatment period, there was about a 25 percent reduction in the size of the cysts. There was also a mild reduction in the pain associated with the cysts. 



Another benefit was that I did not get upper GI pain & bleeding with this med, whereas NSAIDs had been causing black stools due to GI irritation & bleeding."	"Due to longstanding knee osteoarthritis, I am prone to fluid-filled cysts on the backside of my knees.  The cysts cause pain, swelling, and reduced circulation to the lower leg.  The cysts interfere with walking gait as well.



In past I had used NSAIDs to reduce the inflammation of these cysts, however due to NSAID-related side effects, this class of drug was put off-limits by my physician.  His recommendation was that I try a drug in the pro-NSAID class, which is less irritating to the stomach.



In retrospect, I think that for me, the Sulindac was a trade-off: less stomach irritation exchanged for liver irritation with the Sulindac.  Due to this side-effect, my doctor reduced frequency of medication to once per day.  My response to the Sulindac was less robust than I had hoped for -- much less improvement than I had experienced previously with NSAIDs -- and it also took a long time (3 weeks) to reach the level of improvement that in past I would achieve in 3 days with OTC NSAIDs."
	With the valtrex I was treat coldsores only and could aviod break outs yr long. If i stopped I was garenteed to get one	pill form, once a day. But now because of side affects I only take it once a week or when needed.
	Definitely noticed right away that I had more energy, better concentration and motivation, and could actually focus for the first time in years. By taking this med, it caused a chain reaction that got my life moving forward again: I started by becoming able to get out of bed and get things done around the house. Had more motivation to help myself in other ways - better nutrition, better exercise, self care, etc. Then my body and mind began to kick in and heal itself more. Now the med simply acts as a support for me, but I am ready to start tapering down my dose!!!	Take 2 pills about an hour before I wake up in the morning. Then I take the third pill between 11 am-12 noon.
	I experienced a some evening of skin tone, somewhat smaller pores and very slight improvement in crowes feet	"During the first 6 to 8 weeks, my skin became scaly, itchy and rashy. After 8 weeks my skin began to tolerate the cream a little better but it continued to itch and burn even after one year of use. I never used more then a pea size per the insturctions but the itching, dryness and rash never went away. It was very difficult to wear an type of makeup that didnt irritate my skin, while using this product. I made the mistake of using this product under my eyes, i learned later that this cream is not intended for use under eyes and due to the drying affect of this product, it did make the fine llines under my eyes appear worse.



I did not see any improvement of the acne on my cheek, and in fact, suffered worse acne while using Tretinoin."
	Did improve my appetite, which was suffering as a result of the depression.	Was prescribed as an alternative to Citalopram. Had virtually no effect on my depression whatsoever. In the period of winding down the Citalopram dose then the 7 weeks on Mirtazapine I went from mildly depressed / just about coping to suicidal, unable to cope and deeply depressed most of the time. Would advise anyone who gets rapidly worsening depression after a med change to see the doctor again far sooner than I did.
	Long lasting erection	Taken as needed for ED.  It is effective in as little as 30 minutes.  Time depends if taken on empty stomach or after a meal.
	relief of depression, "floor" under worst moods, increased confidence, less sadness. Allowed patient to function normally in work and social situations	Was originally prescribed medication by psychiatrist, continued prescription from GP after cessation of psychiatric treatment
	I have been suffering from ulceratibe colitis for the past three years, was put on steroids long term, then pentasa granules, then imuran which i had a severe reaction too then cellecept tablets which i had a reaction too also. This drug infliximab is given over two hours into a vein then you are monitored for side effects for approx an hour. My severe pain, feeling of passing out, unable to do a bowel motion without feeling like i am going to die is gone.	The first infusion is given to you in hospital over a two hour period, you are then monitored for a futher hour, the second infusion i received two weeks later same procedure, the next infusion is scheduled for four weeks later and then four weeks after that to maintain.
	Hair loss all but stopped - kept crown area full.	Started years ago when I saw hair falling out slowly. Worked extremely well, but saw more negative reviews over the years and felt more sluggish (in my mind) over time. Decided its not worth it, and am off it cold turkey as of 4 days ago. Feeling tired, and libido is lacking. Hoping I get back to my old self ASAP. I would not recommend this drug to anyone... hair is great, feeling 100% is WAY BETTER. Looking back? I'd leave it alone.
	Did not take it long enough for any noticeable benefit.	"300mg Wellbutrin daily.



My hair started falling out after the first week. During  week two, I saw my doctor and told her about this. She said it was not a known side effect. Internet research assured me the hair loss was not coincidental; others had the same reaction. I quit taking it a few days later."
	Through use of the drug and the side effects its produced, I was made much more aware of the level of fat I was consuming with my meals and took measures to reduce the intake	I was to take one dose and a full glass of water at each of three meals per day. I came to find out that taking the drug once a day (with lunch) was effective enough to receive the benefits. It was rare that I took it twice a day and never three times a day.
	Woke up feeling a little less like a zombie, No more insomia.	I take this medication for severe narcolepsy. It has helped with the feeling of not sleeping at all when I would wake up the next morning. However, if you do not get into bed and STAY for about 3 hours you can fall and do things you don't even realize you are doing. I got up to use the bathroom a few times on this medication and once I fell into the bathtub and also have fallen asleep on toilet if I have gotten up to use the bathroom. It can take affect VERY quickly if you have an empty stomach. There was a time I thought I had at least 15 minutes before it put me to sleep but I hadn't eaten much and it kicked in in 5 minutes. I fell asleep talking to my Fiance. It literally knocks you out like when you are put under anesthesia for surgery. It can be very dangerous but it is quite affective for helping you sleep and go into the refreshing cycles of sleep.
	I felt like I was in a deep dark hole for most of my life, almost immediately after starting the medication I felt like a different human being! I noticed colours for the first time in years and I couldn't stop looking at the beautiful sky, grass and flowers. I felt alive, energetic, happy and positive, For the first time in years I wanted to get up in the mornings and LIVE. I wanted to go out in the world again, where as before I hid in my house because of panic attacks. I landscaped my whole garden and when that was done, I decided I wanted to work again and found a job. My marriage flourished after this new me and I fell pregnant 6 months later, at which time I had to discontinue, but that 6 months of Prozac was all it took to give me a new life.	My treatment involved psychotherapy as well as the medication.
	Oxycodone helped take the major edge off of pain so I could rest. However, it made me so drowsy and felt "out of it" that I would switch to Ibuprofen.	I had chiropractice and massage therapy to help my body recover. I took oxycodone when absolutely necessary with ibuprofen as a supplement.
	mildly increased attentiveness	This was originally prescribed to me for ADHD. just a few days of taking it, the side effects were unbearable. I could not sleep, eat normally and would get abdominal pains. felt a hell of a lot better once I stopped taking this garbage. Word of advice NEVER even think of taking this!
	In the case of a panic attack, this would soothe the anxiety and calm me down-a numbing sensation--a highly effective anti-psychotic in several situations--kept a low-level feeling of calmness and barrier to anxiety/stress	Prescribed by my psychiatrist to use in various doses over several years of use to use for anxiety and panic, and in conjunction with Klonopin as an effective measure to reduce a mixed/manic episode of bipolar disorder in an acute situation, and also at a low-level dose every day to reduce the chance of episodes from occuring. Good tool in anger management as well.
	It itnitially helped a great deal. The first 2 days I slept and I felt really good for a change. My aches and pains seemed to vanish. I had energy and felt motivated. My "quick to aggravate" temperment diminished as well.	I was started on 30 mg po qd for 2 weeks then increased to 60 mg po qd.
	We aren't sure.  We wonder if it is really controlling the seizures at all.  We are hoping our daughter can get testing to determine if her seizures are catamenial in nature.  She was on carbatrol with complete control, but was switched to Keppra due to her upcoming marriage (much lower risk of birth defects and ability to use birth control pills while on it).  She was completely weaned off of Carbatrol at one point and went almost 8 weeks with no seizure activity.  She also went 5-1/2 months with no seizure activity with Keppra before having a tonic clonic seizure.  Due to her history of seizures (started at the age of 14 a couple of months after she started her period), and the ability to go for long periods of time without problems, we wonder if she is having extreme spikes in estrogen when she ovulates from time to time. We hope that our neurologist will work with an endocrinologist and gynocologist to see if there is some validity to our theory.  The goal is to get her back under complete control.	She takes 3 pills in the morning upon waking and 2 pills at night before going to bed.  She was taking 1 Klonopin pill but is now taking Lamictal and is gradually increasing the dosage.  Her neurologist is weaning her off of Keppra and gradually moving her to Lamictal.
	made my daughter less anxious	My daughter began having school/social anxiety when she was about 9.  She is dyslexic too.  She was put on Zoloft to help control her anxiety and panic attacks.  I think it helped, however she became numb to a lot of social norms.  She never did anything terrible, but I always felt that she would do something inappropriate.  We d/c her Zoloft at the beginning of the summer of 2007.  We weaned her off per the dr's instructions.  She is much more normal now.  Minor anxiety and a lot more normal as far as social skills and obeying social norms.
	Stabalized mood, decreased fatigue, better outlook on life.	I was perscribed Wellbutrin XL for depression, I am still taking it however I am thinking of weaning myself off as I dont really see that drastic an improvement and the side affects are troubling, I have experienced a significant amount of hairloss.  Hairloss is a rare side affect, but it seems to affect a lot of women.
	It has the effect of major Reduction in anxiety, it produces alot of calmness, able to function properly, they pills cured insomnia, it made me get less sever panic attacks, reduction and or elimination of panic attacks, it improveded mood.It was the best drug for panic attacks	i took the drug for a long time and wit was really amazing and i like it and it was awewesome and it was afucn and it was cool and it was sweet but it was verry addicting and it sohouldnt be used for a long period of time because it losses effectiness over time
	My acne has completely dminished...i have the occasional break-out, but on a an everyday consistent basis i am now acne-free due to Retin-A!  It helps to take a break while using it because your skin will become used to it, however after a few weeks off, the effects are just as wondederful to your skin as when you first began.	I applied a small amount of Retin-A every evening before bed and washed if off in the morning.  If you are able to get through the initial stage which includes the side effects  (peeling, dry skin, redness, irritation, and sun sensitivity) your skin will emerge better looking and healthier in the end.
	Lunesta helped me sleep the first few times I took them and gave me 5-6 hours of sleep without waking up every hour (like I normally do without taking it).	I'm still taking Lunesta but that's only because I am supposed to see my doctor this week to discuss modifications and adjustments.
	TSH numbers brought down to normal levels, seemed to improve constipation, dry skin and cold intolerance	Began at 75 MCG and they lowered my dose to 50 MCG and the fatigue/sleepy/brain fog symptoms got better (I did not fall asleep in public again) but I was still more tired and foggy than I was before I began taking the medication.  I took the medication in textbook form--first thing in the morning and did not eat for 4 hours.  Finally, the doctor gave me permission to stop taking because I was afraid the physical symptoms were going to negatively impact my job.  Had my blood checked last week after one month off the medication and numbers showed I was back in hypothyroidism.  Doctor is mystified at my symptoms, which for the most part seem to be the opposite of what they should have been on the medication.  He prescribed me Armour today and I am scheduled to go back in 6 weeks to have my blood checked.  I am a healthy, 36 year old female.  I exercise regularly and attempt a healthy diet.  We'll see if this works better for me.
	There were not any benefits.  Galderma changed metrogel and the new formula didn't agree with my skin.	i used the new metrogel.  the old formula is no longer available.  The new one doesn't work for me.
	To minimize manic depression, patient was having problems at work, can't sleep well, this drug helped to calm patient down, becoming more relaxed, able to deal with normal work load.	Took the pill for bipolar disorder, but seem to get into longer term depressive mood.
	I find Adderall compared to other ADD meds to work most efficiently to help me focus and give me drive and motivation to stay on task without the jitters found in some ADD meds. Helps control anxiety	Couldn't focus ,stay on task, due to this  caused lack of motivation. Tried Ritalin, and others . They did not work. Went on 1 yr ago. Maintaining same daily dosage.
	Since my hypothyroidism is being better treated I rarely get a migraine anymore. I get one every couple of months or so. I have to say that I sort of dread taking the Imitrex because I do experience several side effects, but it usually gets rid of the headache so it winds up being a catch 22. I really hate the muscle aches and weird tight feeling in my head and face. The increase in heart rate can freak me out too, especially if my thyroid meds have just been bumped up too.	Take 100 mg at first indication of migraine. May repeat dosage after 2 hours if pain isn't relieved. Thereafter, only 1 may be taken in a 24 hour period.
	Within 3 weeks I noticed a "lifting " of mood and a general sense of being more energized and interested in everyday activities. I was far less concerned about things which had previously worried me and felt more enabled to engage in social activities again.	The dose was prescribed in capsule form at 20 mg to be taken daily, preferably in the morning.
	The benefits of taking this drug were a slow down in mpb (male pattern baldness). I noticed that less hairs in the M shape were falling out. It also regrew some of the hair that was lost for several years ago in the crown area. I also noticed that thin, weak hairs regrew stronger and thicker.	"Propecia is a medication that is used to treat prostate cancer. It does inhibit DHT(dihydrotestosterone)that is the most potent form of testosterone. It also raises testosterone levels by 10%.



Propecia is also a treatment for male pattern baldness. DHT is known to bind to the receptor on the hair follicle. By doing this the hair will eventually die for those with genetic mpb. By using Propecia the DHT levels will be lowered, and you hair will not be affected as much as if you did not use propecia.



For hairloss Propecia should be taken as 1mg pr day."
	I didn't notice dramatic results with this product and it was fairly expensive at $100 for one tube. I wasn't religious about applying it each day, so that might have had an impact on the effectiveness. I didn't notice significant fading of the darkest large freckles on my face as I had hoped. I didn't notice any significant reduction in wrinkles.	I applied the product to my face in the morning OR evening and did it in combination with other typical facial sunscreen products and mosterizers. Since the product was expensive and made my face peel, I tended to apply it only on the dark freckles I was trying to fade.
	Reduced blood pressure and stopped cholestrol from forming in my arteries.	I am looking for a more natural remedy for high blood pressure and control for cholestrol. I do not like taking drugs but do not feel I have a choice at the this time? Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
	"Calmed Anxiety - Was having 4-6 anxiety attacks daily. Helped to stabilize my mood.

Slept at least 7 hours - Initially was started on sleeping pills. Would wake up around 5 times a night. With the Seroquel I only wake up a couple times a night."	Start at 50mg for two nights. Then increased to 100mg. Two weeks later increased to 200mg.
	Reduction of oral prednisone and prednisone eyedrops w/ eventual stoppage. Uveitis cleared. Inflammatory arthritis is ongoing. I am undergoing new treatment with MTX currently.	"Prepped with Zofran and followed with daily Folic Acid and regular blood tests.



Same protocol this time. Using sub-q,not willing to try oral again."
	Relieved Gerd symptoms.	My dog died and I had chest pains and other Gerd-esque symptoms. I went to doc, they gave me a sample of Prilosec. I began on it and developed the problems. I stopped taking it for about two days, I started feeling bleh and the symptoms Prilosec caused started to go away. To make sure it was the Prilosec, I took it again. The side affects returned within a hour. I am now struggling to get rid of the symptoms and the withdrawal. I would not recommend Prilosec to anyone.
	I used this cream very religiously. I was very particular about avoiding sun which is a must with thos medication.. I have to say that I have gotten rid of my pigmentation. My skin is very smooth and it also takes cate of ocassional breakout. My pore size has become smaller.	I started using this cream about 7 monmths ago. I had pigmentation problems. i am still using this cream but noe , i have reduced its usage to everyother night.
	"Singulair appeared to help somewhat with being able to breathe better.

Rhinitis was decreased.  It helped me miss fewer work days, especially when air index quality was poor."	I was instructed by my doctor to take one singulair tablet each evening about one hour before bedtime.
	Since using the Retin-A along with the Accutane, I have noticed a great improvement in the look of my skin.  There are less clogged pores and it definitely more smooth and even in skin tone.  Any fine lines around my mouth and on my forehead have diminished but it hasn't helped much with fine lines around my eyes.	I use Retin-A 0.25% every evening along with 70 mg of Accutane a day.  I will have to continue the Retin-A for at least a year.
	I noticed at first with the 150mg a boost in energy, and more regular sleeping habits. At the 300mg upgrade shortly into month two I went from smoking a pack a day (25 cigarettes) to about 3. My boyfriend smokes also which is why I still have a few a day. Also after smoking pot it's nice to have a smoke I find.	So far so good, I will take crazy dreams every night for all the other benefits.
	For the first time in years I woke up without widespread flu like pain throughout my body. I woke up feeling rested, awake, alert. Some days were still worse than others, but overall a dramatic difference. I could function throughout the day, wasn't almost falling asleep all the time. If work got crazy and I had to pull 14-16 hrs - which was quite frequent - I didn't get immediately sick.  I actually flew on planes multiple times without getting sick. I used to blink and get sick because my system was so run down despite many hours of sleep a night. When I take xyrem I need only 6-8 hours of sleep and I would wake up and feel great throughout the day. It was an absolute lifesaver for me.	I would take 3 gms before bed. Wake up 2.50 to 4 hrs later for second dose.  It was easy to wake up, many times I would wake up on my own. Sometimes I would try to wake up too early and would just sleep through my alarm and then wake up closer to the 4 hr mark. If I didn't have a busy job it would just be ideal to try to get closer to 8 or more hrs of sleep every night. That was not always practical for me. I started off at the 3 gms dose twice per night and never had to change. Sometimes, depending on the time of month I got less sleep with the dose - i would awake after only 2.5 hrs later and get around 5 hrs of sleep a night. Depending on where it was with my cycle, sometimes I couldn't wake up so I would lessen my second dose to 2.25 gms so I could wake up at 4 hrs after the dose.
	Quick relief of hypertension, moving from 150/120 area down to 130/80 region.	Additional medication was needed to control the edema and the Potassium levels. Triamterene was effective in eliminating the edema. Oral Potassium and Liprosonil were needed to bring Potassium levels up to normal range.
	Slight initial improvement of viral aggravated asthma.	I have already completed a survey about the advair and unfortunately did not get the download due to some kind of glitch.  I am resubmitting this information again.
	The treatments stopped my monthly acne breakouts.  This allowed my skin to heal and broke the breakout cycle.  My skin has not wrinkled as fast as my friends of the same age.	I applied the Retin-A to my face every night.  At my dermatologists suggestion, I did not wash my face before applying the cream.  As mentioned above, when I first started treatment, I used the product every other day until my skin adjusted to the Retin-A micro
	Compared with synthroid that was prescribed to me in the beginning, I have fewer problems, like mood swings, sweating, weight gain, etc.	For the last 8 years I am taking 90 mg Armour thyroid daily for treatment of my multinodular goiter.
	The pain was definitely reduced, from high discomfort to relatively low discomfort, so long as I wasn't moving. It also helped me to sleep some of the time.	At first I was given the oxycodone intravenously, with a button allowing me to choose when I wanted a dose (don't remember the amount) but limited in total amount and frequency (up to every 15 minutes, I think.) Afterwards, I took it in pill form. After several days I decided the side effects were too strong and  got a hydrocodone prescription, which had similar but more mild side effects. In retrospect, I wish that acupunture had been available; when I experienced an auricular 5-needle protocol several weeks later, I found the residual pain I had was immediately reduced, with none of the side effects.
	Able to move easier, not in as much pain, more energy, sleeping better, mood is stable.	I am being treated for nerve damage from a neck injury and fibromyalgia that causes terrible pain. After trying just about every drug on the market, my doc gave me topamax and I started feeling better immediately. The weight loss is a super bonus because I have gained 50 pounds from all the drugs I've been taking to treat my chronic pain, so hopefully I will lose more on topamax.
	Took 25mg for insomnia for about 3 weeks. Did not notice a difference. The Doctor Prescribed 50mg, and still no difference. Finally, I was prescribed 75mg and have been taking that dosage for about 2 months.I do sleep a little better than before, but I still do not sleep through the whole night.	Take one 75mg pill at night.
	I feel better about myself and less anxious and depressed.	I take it once a day at 20mg per pill. I do better on it now then I do without it. So I will keep my fingers crossd and hope the sleepness goes away.
	Seasonique was great for me as a birth control method instead of condoms and I experienced no spotting or bleeding the whole 3 months before my period.	Seasonique is taken once a day at the same time for 3 months.
	I was finally able to get the deep sleep that I needed to function. Other problems that I have- Interstitial Cystitis, Fibromyalgia, Insomnia, etc.- seem to be improving because of the sleep that I am getting.	I take the medicine about 30 minutes before I go to bed because I only get about 4-6 hours of relief.
	My anger and depression seemed to get much better within 3 weeks of starting on 75 mg. My dose was eventually increased over time to 150mg.  My family noticed a difference in my attitude.	My depression is better over the years but I have less desire for sex.  I have found it tremendously difficult to maintain or loose weight.  The weight problem seems to have increased over the years to a point where I would like to try and stop or at least decrease the medication.  The problem is that when I wanted to have a 3rd child, I decided to discontinue the medication and the effects of stopping Effexor were horrible.  I have seen problems when I miss a dosage so I am scared to try and stop the medicine.  Before I when I "weaned" off the medication I had severe headaches, nausea, and dizziness. I am worried about trying to quit again but I  am having such problems with trying to loose weight that I want to try.
	"This medication is manufactured to lower the bad cholesterol levels.

Therefore it is produced to dicrease the risk of heart attack and stroke. After first month of usage the blood test should be performed . The dosage shall be adjusted accordingly and another three months treatment shall follow before another bloood test is done."	This medication was prescribed to my husband byhis doctor becasue he had shown for several years increased and then high cholesterol levels. He was presrcibed some another cholesterol lowering drug, but it was making him so sick, he asked doctor for Lipitor, because he saw a commercial on TV. First, he got 30 days supply, one pill a day, then blood test was performed and dosage adjusted, actually confirmed. It appears he has less side effects with this drug than with previous one. He shall excercise, but he is very physically active, so he does not. The blood test has shown some decrease in bad cholesterol, but not enough and the doctor insists he must excercise more, but he does not. He is due next blood test, but had no time to go there , yet. He is on this pill for about 3-4 months.
	The side affects were not so bad. The pills were easy to take, and got them from Publix so they were vanilla flavored.	The process was slow for me, and it did not work in two or three days like the doctor said. I did notice that each day it became easier and easier to swallow things.
	"For migraines related to my menstrual cycle, zomig has been the most effective

drug to treat/minimize the migraine symptoms.  With the option of taking 1/2, I could start at this lower dose and try to take it as soon as it was clear a migraine was setting in.  I typically could control it over several days if needed with periodic 1/2 dose."	Please see above.
	The benifit of taking the drug was to decrease the symptoms of depression and anxiety. In addition, the drug did not suppress the libido on the opposite it increase the sexual desire.	The treatment consisted of taking 30mg every morning for thirty days.  Also, started an exercise program to increase the endorphins levels in the brain.  The doctor suggested fifteen minutes of sunshine a day. After the thirty days period the follow up consisted of answering questions about the positive and negative  effects of the drug. After reviewing the answers it was determined that I needed to be on a higher dosage because the symptoms of depression were still an issue.  The increase in dosage was from 30mg to 60mg and still at the end of thirty days there was mo change in the symptoms.  Finally I had to switch to another medication which so far it has worked fine.
	Reduced depression and feelings of hopelessness within 3 weeks. I like being able to increase dosage when things get a little rough and then back off to the original dosage when things settle down.	Took pill once a day and visited therapist once a month.  After awile, I didn't go to the therapist anymore and I was extremely even with just the medication.
	Flare-ups were less frequent as well and the duration of time they lasted was less. I noticed that it didn't help with the amount of bowl movements I was having but it did help stop the internal bleeding.	I stopped taking Asacol because of the intense stomach pain it caused me as well as the nausea. I found that while taking Asacol, my falre-ups did decrease but the side effects outweighed the benefits.
	Very limited for the amount taken.  New bone density showed slight improvement, ie 2 years ago spine was -3.3, now is -2.9.	Bone density studies were done every two years.  Very slight improvement. After 10 years, I am still not at normal bone density.
	The Lidoderm numbs my back for most of the day so that the pain is dulled dramatically.  The Neurontin eventually blocked my pain so well I was able to get out of bed after being stuck in it for 4 1/2 months.  These two pain relievers work so very well together.  There is nothing that is going to take all of the pain away.  I am also on other medication for this as well. Being able to walk around again finally, was like, what took you so long to figure it out what to do?  I'm not broken, I'm hurt.  I have children at home, I need to at least be mobile!	I have a torn lumbar disk.  I have pain in my back that is constant and gets worse with overwork and high humidity.  I have no feeling in my feet.  My right leg does not work correctly.  The Neurontin is mainly attributable to the quality of life that I have today.  Then the other medications I take all do their part.  The Nerontin blocks the pain nerve signal from registering in my brain.  The Methodone deals directly with the pain as does the Lidoderm Patch.  The muscle relaxer keeps my muscles from spontaneously contracting, which they will do without the medication.  The anti-depressents help me stay positive, which is where I want to be.  I usually have a sunny outlook and the medicine helps me keep it.  When my last medicine stopped working, I was depressed for a total of 6 months.  What a waste of time.
	Had a lot of headaches all day every day. Doctor said it was tension headaches made by a muscle spasm in my neck. She prescribe this medicine and the headaches are hardly there.	The treatment is going well.
	Was able to get to sleep and stay asleep for a full eight hours.  Could go to sleep within an hour of taking the drug and was able to still wake up the next day. I take one benadryl with the xanax to help get the sleep cycle started.	I take xanax because I work on a morning show so I must sleep when it is still light outside.  Sleeping pills don't seem to work.. Xanaz seems to do the trick.  It calms my mind so I can get to bed and not think about all the things in my life.
	I didn't get malaria	"Initially believing that it was a normal holiday tummy upset we starved ourselves for nearly 4 days (we were also not hungry) but the waves of pain did not significantly subside - triggered by drinking water.   We then arrived at a Hotel in Vietnam that had Internet access and looked at some lonelyplanet blogs - the advice on Malarone was to make sure to follow the medication instruction leaflet to the letter i.e. to take it with a ""milky"" drink.   We then began to take it at breakfast with as many dairy products as we could - yoghurt, cheese, milk on cereal etc, and the symptoms subsided.  The pain ceased after a couple of days but we continued to have violent, liquid bowel movements for another week...  

It would help if the leaflet explained why dairy is recommended - is it the fat that is required or the alkaline environment?"
	This did help clear acne infections and helped skin somewhat improve	I was put on this medication by my pediatrician and, unfortunately, I think he did a poor job of following up on my treatment.  I think that antibiotics are too strong a treatment for acne.
	reduction in allergy symptons-  less nasal congestion, and itchiness in eyes was reduced--	discontinued use and within 24 hours thew side effects were subsiding, and completely resolved within 3 days.
	Lessened the pain associated with the inflamation	Took Tramal for the first two weeks then switched to Tramada since the pharmacy didn't have anymore Tramal available.. Due to the apparition of rash the treatment was stopped on the suggestion of a skin doctor.
	#NAME?	"- product to be taken as per manufacturer and pharmacist(doctor) instructions

- was effective in reducing the desire to smoke but accompanied by bouts of nausea, headaches, insomnia, mild depression,etc although these symptoms did not surface until approximately third week of use

- need to be vigilante about any unusual symptoms and to report these to your doctor

- product is effective at controling urge to smoke ( but as always desire to quit must be present as well) and one must weigh the side effects & possible health risks of the drug with other stop smoking measures that may have less risks and may be less expensive"
	Brought me out of a severe, didn't-care-if-I-lived depression without making anxiety too much worse. Not perfect but works well enough that I don't want to quit taking.	Started at 37.5 mg for few days, then 75 then 112.5 then 150mg. Did well initially, then was increased to 225 mg several months later. Tried 300 mg for a while but not much difference from 225. Will have to taper down if I ever stop the med.
	skin cell turnover increases	For flat warts on the face, was prescribed Retin A by a dermatologist.  I started out every other day for 2 weeks and then increased use to daily.  The skin area did improve however there was painful chapped skin that would crack and hurt.  Moderate improvement seen but return to condition after stopping the treatment.
	Although it's a very powerful/dangerous drug if used while pregnant, or not monitored by your doctor, Accutane really helped my skin. I have tried EVERYTHING! THe benefits were it got rid of all my acne, it shrunk my pores, made my skin less oily, and my hair, smoother skin, brighter skin, even toned. On Accutane i didn't have to wash my hair for 3-4 days. Normally I had to wash my hair everyday because it was so greasy. I would never go without a day of washing when I wasn't on Accutane.	FIrst treatment at 16 years old. 2 pills a day of 40mg. With food.  At 26 years old and 105 lbs I took only 1 pill a day that was 40mg. Every month you need to do blood tests to make sure everything is ok. You must be on birth control because being pregnant and on Accutane causes birth defects. Taking Accutane was the only thing that helped me. Although my acne did come back years later from the first time taking Accutane, it significantly changed my skin for the better. The first month of treaatment, your acne usually comes all out, but after that, you're skin gets smoother and smoother and really makes such a difference. Accutane really affects people differently. I was lucky enough to not experience serious side effects . In my opinion, if you've tried everything else and nothing worked. Accuntane worked great for me and is a helpful drug.
	Helped ease depressed mood, less mood swings. Better overall sense of well being. I was not as emotional and life felt more managable. I didnt even notice its effects while on it. I have tried other antidepressants that made me feel disconnected and my mind was cloudy, also experienced weight gain. Effexor did not make me feel like I was on anything, it just worked in the background. I only noticed it effects once I quit, my emotions were stronger and all my senses seemed intensified.	Took 75 mgs once daily for about three months, then wheened myself of it. Very difficult to do, had withdrawels that included nausua, crying, dizzyness, brain felt like it was short circuiting in a way. I had to lay in bed when I didnt take it for 2 days.
	Remarkable improvement in productivity (no down time) and feeling of well-being.	"Treatment started at 150 mg, which showed some improvement

At 300 mg the improvement showed more dramatic results

Before treatment: periods of deep depression, confusion, feeling of helplessness, unability to go to work.

After treatment: remarkably fewer periods of light depression, able to work."
	No pregnancy,no periods for 18 years, no menopause, estrogen production stopped, convenience	IM injection once every 3 months.  Prescribed at the age of 30 because of being a smoker and should not use the oral birth control.  Zinged through menopause and didn't even know it.  After 18 years, stopped injections and did not re-start menstrual flow at all.  It's been over 1.5 years since last injection and no side effects or withdrawal symptoms.
	Cleared up my acne - worked very well. Skin was softer.	while on the tablets - made sure i stayed out of the sun, tried to not drink alcahol and had liver checked. And ensured i did not pregnant
	Seemed to reduce some every-day pain and inflamation, although I still experienced increased pain and inflamation after physical therapy or increased activity.	After realizing that I was more than just a little upset about my condition, I began to ask questions about the depression.  My pharmacist and I decided I should discontinue and contact my doctor.
	The Soma made the patient agitated and did not work. The Flexril made the patient relax and sleep enough to let the rib heal nicely.	No Activity for six weeks as patient was a truckdriver for a living and fell in the bathroom at home and broke her rib.  It was floating around and lung puncture was the greatest concern.  The Flexril made the patient relax to almost oblivion therefore disabling her ability to move around.  The Wellbutrin was for bipolar disorder and was taken twice a day for at least a year and prior to that Cymbalta which she said gave her gas.
	During the 4 years so far [out of 5], I have had no recurrance of the tumour and no additional tumours have been detected by ultra-sound, mammogram, and twice-yearly check-ups. Perhaps the greatest benefit is the gradual reduction in stress experienced as a result of my on-going stabilised condition after a lumpectomy.	I was put on Aromasin after 6 months on Tamoxifen because I suffered debilitating muscle cramps on Tamoxifen as well as joint problems and extreme hot flushes. Aromasin has been kinder, and so far I have taken it daily for 4 years out of an initial 5. It may be prescribed beyond 5 years, I'm not sure. It has relatively slight side effects now but in the first 6 months I was conscious of its effects on my body - not intolerable by any means, just noticable.
	cleared up acne with first treatment.	I was 15/16 years when I was on accutane. It's hard enough being in high school but having acne on top. I tried every acne treatment and my doc finally put me on accutane. It was a savior!! I definitely didn't get depression. If anything it made my life so much easier finishing out high school. I would've loved to have done an extra treament or a lazer treatment after just to take away the small scaring from acne on the balls of my checks. I still get break outs but not to the point that someone would say I have acne. I highly recommend accutane to someone with acne. It was the only thing that worked for me!
	Alleviation of depression nonresponsive to several SSRIs,SNRIs,atypical antipsychotics.  Decreased ruminating/continuous negative thinking, decreased pain and/or focus on pain, decreased need for pain meds. Increased confidenceand social functioning, increased ability w/ADLs, increased energy, increased focus and ability to concentrate, increased memory and word retrieval	Severe depression/anxiety requiring hospitalization.  Psychiatrists tried numerous drugs/cocktails including: several SSRIs, SNRIs, several atypical antipsychotics [Abilify worked for awhile, Seroquel helps w/sleep when needed], Lamictal, dexedrine, Cytomel.  Inpatient and partial hospitalization, CBT, attempted inpatient detox from oxycodone and Klonopin. Later decreased oxycodone w/use of suboxone. Chronic pain thought to be contributing to depression.  Using oxycodone 2-3/d at beginning of therapy w/Vyvanse.  Using oxycodone approx. 1/week currently.
	Helped some what to control the pain from a disk setting on my siatic nerve. It did not stop the pain but it did help lesson the amount of pain so I could function better.	I was given Loritab to help stop the pain in my back and running down my left leg. I was to take it every 6 hours or as needed, which ended up using it round the clock the pain was so bad. The Doctors also gave me 600mg of Ibuprophin to take with the Loritab. It helped at fist but the end effects to my body I feel in some ways not worth taking the medication, but it it's defense it did help me get a handle on the pain so I could get off the drug
	Lowering blood pressure	Changed to Atacand Plus 16mg. No side effects to date (4 mths)
	Reduced anxiety, calmness. Prior to using this drug I was not able to function well in my job. I did not want to go out, particularly to crowded areas such as church or shopping. Now I have no problem with going out.	Morning and evening, one tablet, 2 mg. There is a buildup period and until the body has adapted there may be some drowsiness or motor control deficiency. These are gone after a month or so.
	The topamax helped reduce the frequency of the migraines significantly.  In addition, it also helped me to loose weight at the beginning of the treatment.	Topamax was prescribed due to incresing occurance of migraines.  Dosage started at 50 mg and was increased to 125 until migraines were under control.  Imitrex is taken as need when migraines occur.
	After a couple weeks, my hair grew stronger, hairs that were lost along the hairline grew back.  This product really does work	overall,this is great if you can't stand rogaine.
	Was able to fall asleep within 30 minutes of taking Lunesta.  Stayed asleep for at least 4 hours to 10 hours.	Due to having depression, Prozac and the anxiety would interfere with sleeping patterns.  I take Lunesta as needed to try to correct my sleeping habits.  Since I was sleeping too long and having difficulty waking up, I usually only take half a tablet of Lunesta now.
	Blackheads are gone. Pores on my cheeks are noticeably smaller. Acne scars faded. Skin looks more polished.	I use this drug to help with the overall appearance of my skin, especially blackheads, pore size, and acne scars. I don't have any wrinkles, so I can't comment on how well it worked for that. But hopefully it is preventing wrinkles from ever developing. I only use it twice a week now coz my skin is very sensitive. Once I get more used to the drug, I will slowly increase the frequency. During the first two weeks of use, I didn't really notice any changes except that my skin was drier and started to peel a little. By the third week, I started seeing my blackheads disappearing and my pores changing. They actually looked bigger. Then after 2 months of continued usage, my pores got smaller, acne scars faded and blackheads are almost completely gone. Few days a week I would have red, irritated peeling skin. But nothing extremley terrible or intolerable. With good moisturizer and calming face creams, I'm able to minimize my peeling to a point where it doesn't bother me that much. I've heard that Retin-A takes awhile to work and see results, but I've already seen positive changes in less than 6 months. I can't wait to find out the long-term benefits it will have on my skin, especially after I start increasing the frequency and concentration.
	Quick and lasting relief of back and neck pain and muscle spasms. The effects are felt after about 1 hour, and full effects are felt after 1 1/2 hours, and about 80% of the pain and tension are relieved for about 4-6 hours. If stretching of the muscles is done while on the medicine, the pain and tension are greatly reduced for longer than the 4-6 hours. If the medicine is taken before bed, morning pain and tension are reduced about 50%.	The medicine is taken once per day at night, about 2 hours before bed. Once the medicine fully kicks in (after about 1 1/2 hours), special stretches are done. Stretching along with the medicine provides about 90% relief from pain and tension, and the relief lasts longer than medicine alone. The medicine is also taken as when pain and tension are worse than average.
	My cough was reduced, from 24 hours a day, to a few episodes per day	I took the pill twice a day, morning and evening, after meals.  I also kept up with my daily exercise regimen (walking and swimming).
	Night sweats greatly reduced within a week, from 3-5 strong episodes a night (and associated sleep disturbance) to 0-1 a night (mostly in the early a.m.) and less severe and shorter duration.	My ob-gyn recommended I try this for 3 months, but if the negative effects still persist by the end of the current month I will probably stop taking it.
	protection against pregnancy.	I take the pill continuously, skipping the placebos and thus my period for four months, followed by one week of placebos.  My mood, energy and hormonal balance remain constant, particularly compared to other pills but unfortunately so has my sex drive.  The changes in sexual feelings are clearly related to the pill because as soon as I take the placebos I experience a huge elevation in sex drive.  That is not much motivation to keep taking them but aside from spermicidal barrier methods that cause irritation and invasive procedures such as the IUD, I don't know what other options I have.
	the medicine in the beginning provided about 30% relief in pain, but as time progressed it only provided about 10% pain relief. This being said, it does provide some mental relief from chronic pain. and it relieves some of the muscle stiffness.	Medicine was prescribed to be taken twice a day in combination with physcial therapy for back condition.
	I had gotten severe age spots on my hands, probably from spending many years driving long distances each day.  My hands looked worse than anyone else's my age (or older!).  My hands now looks pretty good/very good!	I applied a small amount, probably more than I needed to, to the back of each hand for several nights in a row.  Before many nights had passed, I noticed that the skin around each age spot was beginning to become dry and peeling.  Before long, the age spots just seemed to peel off, as did some spots that were more like small moles or very dark freckles.  Although I was concerned that I had severly burned and scarred my hands (they looked very bad for more than a month), now they look great.  In fact, the left one, which was the worse one, improved more than the right hand!
	enalapril was suitable for me as it was effective at lowering my b/p. also of all the medication i had been treated with enalapril was the most suitable.	i take 20mg in the morning and 20mg at night
	Smooth, clear skin.  The Roaccutane not only got rid of my acne but also rejuvenated my skin.  Pores were finer, blackheads were gone.	Treatment consisted of orally taking two tablets a day.  I was prescribed Cetaphil lotion and lip balm to keep side effects at bay. Roaccutane was an excellent treatment.  Before going on it I spent hundreds of dollars on other anti-acne treatments such as Clearasil etc and had no joy.  Don't waste your money on other treatments just see your GP and ask for Roaccutane if you have an ongoing acne problem.
	The benefits were clearer skin with more radiance,skin didn't seem so dull, but some discomfort througout the process.	Went to a dermatologist for acne and was prescribed the retin-a cream as well as a topical benzoyle peroxide.
	Breast cancer was oestrogen and progesterone positive so taking this following surgery and radiotherapy reduced likelihood of recurrence	Following a 6 week course of radiotherapy I went onto daily tamoxifen, then after 3 years on this I was changed onto Arimidex which I tolerated better.
	I did not find any benefit really.  In fact it seemed to make me more anxious.	I was prescribed this because of anxiety and mild depression by my GP but it did not improve my condition and seemed to make my anxiety worse.  My anxiety was partly due to my personality and partly due to the fact that I had a mentally ill son which caused me a lot of worry and stress.   My GP thought that SSRI's may help and prescribed fluoxetine.   This did not help and he changed me to Cipramil which suited me better as it did not make my anxiety worse but it did not really help my anxiety that much so I stopped taking this as well.
	The prescription recommended that I use the gel every night, but this became too drying on my skin.  I alternate one night of Retin-A, 1 night of Stri-Vectin.  The Retin-A causes my face to peel, so exfoliating frequently is necessary so that I don't look as if my face has dandruff.  I use a Clarisonic for cleansing; it has been wonderful.  I have also used Benefit's "Bluff Dust" to cover the redness that the Retin-A gel causes, and continue to use Noritate for my rosacea.  The Retin-A is very effective, but also quite expensive.  I have found a pharmacy in Canada where I can order it online for less than 50% the US price.  I hope this doesn't make me sound unpatriotic!  I have always taken good care of my skin, and have no big wrinkles or droops --except for those lines between my eyebrows, because I am a committed scowler.  I do not believe that Retin-A would be as effective on skin that has already developed a good deal of sagging, but this is my personal opinion and is based only on my own experience.	"Before going to bed, I wash my face with the Clarisonic brush.  I love it!

When my face is clean and dry, I apply a pea-sized amount of Retin-A gel all over my face and neck.  I do not avoid the eye area, but I do wash the gel off my eyebrows with a q-tip and water so that the skin under my eyebrows doesn't peel.  I also put Talika Lipocils on my eyelashes.  

In the morning I wash my face, exfoliating every couple of days to rid the skin surface of drying flakes.  Then I moisturize with shea butter or almond oil or even extra-virgin olive oil.  This does not make my face oily; my skin drinks up the oil and looks good.  

The following night I wash my face and when it is clean and dry, I apply Stri-Vectin.  I alternate so that one night I use Retin-A and the next night I use Stri-Vectin or another moisturizer.  I don't think I will be buying any more Stri-Vectin because I am doubtful of its effectiveness and because I would prefer to make my own product.  I know that I will be unable to make Retin-A gel, but making other products for my own use is very attractive to me."
	I guess they helped me through a really challenging time in my life where i was not coping, and wanted to die. i was severely depressed, and needed to have meds to help me stay focussed	councelling, effexor. i saw a psychiatrist at first weekly, then bi weekly, then monthly. i had other supoport from other proffesionals
	Having taken a four other drugs for depression over the last 15 years (all of the SSRI category) or so, and I can say without doubt that this drug was amazing as removing my depression, as well as substantially reducing remaining anxiety left over.	The benefits of Effexor XR were terrific. The side effects while taking it were just fine with me, though my psychiatrist seemed alarmed about my heart rate and blood pressure. That said, the withdrawal was so atrociously horrible it simply wasn't worth taking. I would have rather taken a drug that was half as effective without this uniquely gross withdrawal. Let me put this into perspective: I've gone through nicotine, alcohol, and speed withdrawal (the last a long time ago) and the Effexor was the worst (and I required hospitalization for the alcohol). It took me between three and four months to taper off the drug. I tried to stop --unsuccessfully--at 75% the regular dose, then 50%, and then 25% before deciding to just taper it down to a dose so small I had a hard time believing it had any psychoactive effects at all. Even finally quitting taking the drug at all when I'd tapered down to 1/15th the initial dose, I experienced mild versions of the same awful withdrawal issues that had popped up before: intermittent (intense!) nausea (previously full blown vomiting on previous quitting attempts), night sweats, what I've read in Effexor forums described-inadequately-as "brain shivers," though-- amusingly enough-- very little of the depression or anxiety rebound past the first few days of 0 mg. If I were at suicidal or bed-ridden level of depression this drug would be completely worth it, even with the withdrawal. Otherwise, I'm staying away from SSNRI's for a long time.
	The Differin resulted in decreased body acne on the face and back.  i also felt smoother, cleaner skin	Apply the Differin cream at night after cleasing skin.  The dryness decreased after about 3 weeks of daily use.  The facial acne was cleared up about 70% and the back acne was cleared up about 50%.
	"My skin cleared of acne after two weeks, I still have oily skin 

I use bare mineral makeup to minimize oil 

overall my skin look great."	once a day or every other day
	I took lyrica for fibromyalgia and it relieved my symptoms within one week.  I felt significantly better quite quickly, even after I had tried extensive physical therapy for my symptoms.	I started with 25 mg of lyrica and then increased by 10 mg every week.
	I was much more awake in the mornings instead of groggy and foggy -brained. I was able to focus a LITTLE bit better	Unfortunately I had a doctor who was uneducated about ADD and was very uncomfortable prescribing any medications for it. She put me on 10mg first.After 3-4 weeks I went back and asked for her to increase it. She prescribed 20mg,(which I found they don't make 20mg doses) Instead of changing it to a proper mg, she decided to have me take 2 10mg pills every morning which also doubled the cost and that amount was not enough to have much benefit. After about a year , I was finally prescribed a therapeutic dosage of 40mg. I had too many problems with the pharmacy ordering the right amount ( they had me take 4 10mg pills a day because they didn't order the right ones! I have no health insurance so was getting it on some program that made it cost me $6 but when they would screw up the order , I would either run out or have to get the full amount which was $130.00 at the 10mgs, so X 2 for 20mg, x 4 for 40mgs!! Just because of the way the pharmacy was doing it.Scamming the federal programs or  something...so I finally just quit taking it. I definately had noticed that it made pee without barely any warning, and my eyesight got alot worse, and my fiance said it made me "mean". All that has stopped now that I am not on it. But my ADD is back full force!
	I had fewer swings in my mood. I felt down less often. My anxiety level was much lower.	I was prescribed this medication by a doctor. While I was taking it, I had counselling sessions for behavioral therapy. This combination of treatments worked  well for me, and now I don't have to take the medication and only require counselling sessions occasionally.
	Non moody after taking 1/3 of 1 pill, calm and relaxed.	"Diazepam : 1/3 of 1 pill

whenever i'm feeling stressed,mood swings, felt BY- POLAR



Non moody after taking 1/3 of 1 pill, calm and relaxed.



Never feeling sexual aroused anymore since taking the pills though. Not once since taking the pill. Not wanting partner to try anything sexual, I'm just turned off. Have no idea why but i definitely know it's those pills."
	I took this drug for pain relief due to surgery (laproscopically assisted hysterectomy). Although the pain I experienced wasn't great the drug did relieve it but the side effects were not worth it.	I was given the drug intravenously while in the hospital and a perscription when I went home. I was swollen from my breasts to my toes and attributed this to the surgery.I had told my doctor that I couldn't tolerate a high does of ibuprofen so she prescribed the generic toradol as pain relief. When the swelling showed no signs of abating, I looked up the drug's side effects and saw that swelling of the torso, thighs and legs was listed. I was trying to reduce the swelling so I stopped taking it and switched to 1 ibuprofen 4 times a day. That relieved the pain and the swelling immediately started to go down. When I told my doctor she said swelling of the torso was not a normal effect of the surgery. I conclude that the drug was at fault.
	Moderate reduction in alergy symptoms	Was instructed to take medication at bedtime to reduce sedating effects.
	Not many. But it helped numb the pain and slightly make the redness fade away. It also helped me get to sleep and keep a scheduele.	Chewable tablets. It was like chewing up an ibubrophen tablet with a teaspoon of Hawaiin Punch. Bleh! DO NOT TAKE
	Has successfully lowered and maintained patient's cholesterol levels for over nine years. Follow-up with 6 month bloodwork shows the liver to be stable - no evidents deleterious effects on the liver.	Please note "treatment side effects"
	The product helped skin to look healthy, helped a small amount to reduce pigmentation and wrinkling.  The product helped to maintain the skin at it's current level with some improvement in look.  The 60 gm tube lasted almost a year and so it was an affordable treatment for the skin.	Apply renova at bedtime waiting atleast 30 minutes after washing face.  I had to extend the time I waited after washing to an hour to try to reduce the sensitivity of my skin.  I also applied the renova every other day during the summer or times when I knew there would be a skin irritant to try and reduce sensitivity.
	none	i have taken this drug just like i was instructed to, bu it did absolutely nothing for me. i would not reccommend this for anyone. i have found no effectiveness from this drug at all. i think it is a useless pill that should be removed from the market!!!!!!!!!!
	Following a severe and prolonged attack of pancreatitis (primarily due to alcohol) and a 2 month hospitalization, surgery to treat pancreatic cysts was required.  After release from the hospital, a persistent abdominal pain was experienced.  Normal N-SAID pain relievers were not used because of stomach irritation and I am unresponsive to acetaminophen.  Oxycodone twice per day relieved all pain and allows me to live and work productively pain-free.	Oxycodone/APAP 5mg/325mg 2x per day
	Only real success of the treatment has been that I stopped "zoning" out into a semi-conscious state.  ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE results relating to depression, weight gain, pain in joints & muscles, and fatigue.	Initial dosage 15 years ago was 150 micrograms/day.  Increased steadily for first 5 years to 300 micrograms/day.  Has remained at 300 micrograms per day for last 10 years.
	Helped with acne but long term use darker her teeth due to sunlight exposure and a reaction with the doxycycline and the tertiary enamel still being laid down inside the tooth.  Long term I gestation of this drug combined with sunlight exposure might darken teeth over years	The drug was given to patients for years.  She was mail carrier with sun exposure.  I believe theta is correlation of long term I gestation of drug and internal staining of tooth
	Drastically reduced the amount of time the cold sores were present on the side of face.   Medication also made the cold sore break out less servere.	Treatment included medication 2 times a day.  Instructions were to keep the area around the cold sore clean and to not touch the cold sore directly with hands.   This would ensure the spread of the cold sores was minimized.
	The major benefits of taking the prescribed dose of effexor was rapid relief and abaitment of my core and chronic anxiety and secondary depression. It was very severe and I had tried many other psychotropic meds on the market without success.	The treatment was initiated after an onset of panic disorder
	Decrease in rhytids. Reduction in blackheads, congestion.	Product was used in the OBAGI system and mixed with hydroquinone 4% in a 1:1 ratio nightly. Before bedtime. I also went behind myself after application with a cotton swab in  the nasal alar area and oral commissures to avoid product settling into these areas and becoming macerated.
	I had increased focus the first day, and after a short trial of ritalin IR I appreciated the consistancy of the vyvanse, the medication didn't give me the same up and down emotionally (which is great when you are trying to lead a family) but i did give up some of the motivation that accompanied ritalin, I was hoping for the 12hr coverage but have settled into a routine,  of dose of 70mg at 7 feeling affects about 40 min later and then feeling foggy at 2.	Diagnosed with inattentive type adhd as an adult. felt a huge relief. Started strattera for 2mos. with no improvement. then a straterra ritatlin combo.t felt the ritalin and real hope for the first timho, switched to vyvanse and titrated up to 70mg with symptom control for about 7-8 hrs, now taking a adderall booster of 30mg.
	Made skin moderately better for a few months	When I first started using it, it made my skin really irritated and it was super itchy and dry, it was flaking like crazy. It was the beginning of the summer, so I didn't have to worry about school, but if it was during school, I would have been so upset.  After about a week or so, it remained dry but the flakiness went away. My skin started clearing up, but it was still oily, and I still had bad blackheads and I continued getting pimples.  After a while, it started spreading to my cheeks, which used to be super clear, and even though most of the pimples were gone, they left dark spots behind.  After about a year of still having bad skin, I decided I'd go to my dermatologist and get something different. They put me on Solodyn, Atralyn and Aconya, which completely fixed the dryness the Retin-a-Micro gave me. I wouldn't recommend Retin-a-Micro, it makes your skin feel super bad.
	To reduce high blood pressure. To reduce pain and inflammation of Rheumatoid Arthritis	I take one 15mg dose of methotrexate once a week along with sulphasalazine and naproxen to reduce activity of my very active rheumatoid arthritis. The pain and inflammation is still there but has reduced slightly. I also take Bendroflumethazide to reduce high blood pressure taken on a daily basis.  I have researched on the internet and found I need to increase my daily intake of water/fluids. This has never been mentioned in the contraindications or by my GP. I understand the reason for increasing fluid intake is because the medication I take is cytoxic and I need to keep my kidneys and liver flushed as much as possible, which is why patients who take methotrexate and sulphasalazine have monthly blood tests.
	Initially weightloss of 4 stone and an increase in energy and confidence. After stopping the drug there was a gradual weight gain of 10lbs until weight settled and has been maintained for 3 years. Health has improved and an increase in fitness and regular exercise has been maintained.Benefits have outwayed the side effects as all other attempts over the years to lose weight had failed, and there is a family history of heart disease.	Drug dosage reccomendations were not followed, and only taken in the morning as this lessened the side effects.
	decrease in depression and suicidal thoughts. Gives more energy to be productive in life. Feel more positive and less inclined to take naps during the day to escape from depression.	just an everyday for the rest of my life treatment. It is very hard for me to get off the drug and take a break, I immediately feel terrible and then can't sleep.
	Very easy birth control method. You don't have to worry about taking a pill every day. Day to day I can't feel it at all and my husband can't either. Stays in place.	none
	While taking Zyprexa, I never experienced any episodes of hypomania (low mania) which typically accompany Bipolar Type II; however, I attribute this mostly to the fact that Zyprexa is very sedating. It should be noted that although Zyprexa is classified as an A-typical antipsychotic, it is also used as a mood stabilizer in patients with Bipolar Disorder.	My psychiatrist prescribed Zyprexa to help with the mood swings of Bipolar Disorder.  I am classified as Bipolar Type II because I do not experience the extreme highs of mania (manic episodes) that accompany Bipolar Type I.  I do, however, experience hypomania (hypo meaning low) so my moods still swing from highs to the extreme lows of depression.
	Considerable less craving for alcohol	Treatment started in an alcohol rehabilitation clinic january 2010 in the netherlands. Baclofen is generally known as a muscle relaxation medicine often used by people who have epilepsia. Initially 3times daily a total of 60 mg, after 6 months 90 mg per day, to increase effectiveness. Should be used in combination with therapy. Patient was severe alcohol addict for over 20 years, and has not taken any alcohol since 6 months. Patient describes that his alcohol cravings have nearly disappeared.
	The treatment benefits were that the cephalexin relieved the sinus infection around the 4th day and by the seventh day my sinuses felt better. The cephalexin seemed relatively mild as I did not experience any intestinal discomfort, bloating or cramping that I have experienced with other antibiotics.	I had a sinus infection and was instructed to take 500mg. of cephalexin every 6 hours for seven days. It took four days before the cephalexin took effect. I have a hard time getting an antibiotic that I don't have a negative reacton to. I am allergic to penecilan and can't take Z-pack because it severely upsets my intestinal tract.
	Lowered blood pressure	Took Lisinopril once per day
	Acid in the stomach was reduced so that the reflux was kept under control.  Therefore there was little of no chance of irritation of the esophagus.	Even though the reflux was kept under control I felt that constipation and poor digestion was a bad trade-off.  As there is bowel cancer in the family clearing of the large intestine is important to me.  I have now stopped taking the drug and prefer to treat the reflux by taking care of what I eat, how and when I eat, and being careful not to bend over too much after food.  I also use ginger tea which helps to regulate the stomach acid.
	Xyrem has been life-changing for me and more than I could have ever hoped for.  I spent most of my life completely exhausted and desperately tired.  The worst part was, I always just thought I was lazy.  Even after I was diagnosed, and was on Provigil (I was taking Provigil only for years before Xyrem)I still questioned if I really had a sleep disorder and thought that perhaps I was just lazier than everyone else.  Now that I take Xyrem, I know that I really do have a sleep disorder because Xyrem has changed my life so much.  I could have never imagined how much better and easier life is with a good nights sleep.  Without Xyrem, I spend most too much time in REM sleep.  I would dream constantly, beginning almost immediately after I would fall asleep.  Almost every morning I would wake up and still be in a dream.  Xyrem forces me into NREM sleep and it has made all the difference for me.	1 dose right before bed and another 3-4 hours later.
	WORKED EXTREMELY WELL AT PREVENTING OUT BREAKS. an out break would come on and id start taking it and it would be gone withing 48 hours if i took it properly.	make sure your doctor prescribes you 800 mg because its wayy cheaper because you can cut them in half if you want because they are tablets. Its like the same price as the 200 mg for the same count so its really stupid to get the lower dose when you can just cut up the higher dose.
	Toenail fungus was gone after 3 months of medication.	1 tablet daily for 15 weeks.  I would have stayed on longer if I didn't experience the vertigo.  I just wanted to ensure that the fungus would not come back.  But it was 3 months before vertigo became an issue.
	I haven't noticed too much of a difference so far.	My dermatologist prescribed this with a water pill and some kind of anti-bacteria medicine to treat my acne.  I have been on Yaz for a year and it has not helped my acne at all. All over the counter medicines have been ineffective.  I mostly break out around my period and I only get pimples where I have hair folicles.
	None	I took this pill for 3 months at the exact same time each day and ending up getting pregnant. Looking back I am glad I did, because I can't imagine life without my Yasmin baby as we call him, but an unplanned prepnancy with a small child already was not fun.  I do not recommend.
	An almost complete cessation of pain in any arthritic place where there was not already significant joint damage.  More flexibility, more function, less exhaustion.  The difference was huge and still is.	I take the pre-prepared 50 mg. injection once a week subcutaneously, usually either stomach, or loose skin beneath left tricep.
	Lack of pain	Had minor surgery - very  effective for the pain control.
	very effective allergy relief for hay fever	Annual allergies need to be rotated, so I have now used Allegra, Claritin, Zyrtec, Singulair, and Flonase in rotation.  All of these worked very well except for Singulair.  Flonase (administered nasally) is particularly effective.
	"anxiety is supressed but not gone.



Depresion is 100 percent gone"	Its supposed to be a year treatment but phh i aint ever stopping this drug its helped me so much and id like to stay the way i am and not go back to what i had.
	Relieved the plaque psoriasis which was over 90% of skin and extremely uncomfortable.	Patient had onset of psoriasis and was treated with topical steroids.  Psoriasis quickly spread over entire body and methotrexate was recommended.  It worked quickly to eliminate the plaque on the trunk of body, but patient has been unable to wean from the drug because psoriasis has never completely gon away on arms and legs.  We are now looking at Enbrol.
	Heartburn was lessened, but new symptoms began (possibly side effects) which made a new set of problems. Severe heartburn occurred 5-7 times a week before treatment, and was brought down to 2-3 times a week during treatment.	40mg a day of Prilosec were prescribed to me after I complained to my doctor of chronic heartburn symptoms. I began taking it that day, and once every morning there after. Heartburn symptoms began to subside after 2-3 days of taking it. Mild side effects after about a week. The most noticeable and bothersome side effect (constipation) began after about 9 days of treatment. After putting up with it for a week I went to my doctor. He prescribed a mild laxative and suggested I stay on the Prilosec for at least 2 months to get the drugs full benefits. I did, but the constipation was still there (laxatives helped some). The doctor switched me to Nexium, which worked just as well and without the constipation.
	Increased concentration and attention span, reduced appetite. Material studied remained more solidly in short-term memory.	One 10mg tablet of Adderall was taken twice daily for a period of one month. After one month, the treatment ceased.
	I felt so much better on the Prednisone, in the first 30 days, i could breathe easier and i did not get the severe dizzy spells i had been having	"I was diagnosed with relapsing Remitting MS in December 09, Betaseron did not work for me, and i had a severe reaction to it with injections site infections



After a hospital stay, being treated with IV Solumedrol, for 5 days, and many blood tests etc, my blood work came up with a very elevated ACE level, the doctors now suspect Sarcoidosis, the Neuro put me on 60 MG prednisone daily for 90 days, and in the meantime see the Rheumatoid doc to rule out this condition, the prednisone unfortunately that i am on, makes it very difficult to diagnose, and he wants me to start a taper, to see what happens, and then they can start doing more tests, as Prednisone masks the inflammation that they are looking for 



They also did a bone density test while there, and have discovered i have severe osteoporosis, so really not sure if they are going to get me off this drug pretty fast 



The drug is dangerous to be on and can cause other problems, but my Neuro obviously feels the need to have me on it sure i am scared to be on too long, but i think right now the benefits out weigh the risks"
	nothing has worked in relieving my migraine pain but I took imitrex when I felt a migraine comming on and within a half hour my migraine was completely gone	take one pill at the onset of a headache and if it doesn't go away you can take another but you can't take more than two in 24hrs
	Acne decreased significantly when used in combination with the antibiotic erythromycin. The addition of spironolactone cleared up the acne that seemed to be triggered by fluctuating hormone levels. It also increased breast size.	Sprironolactone taken once a day in combination with antibiotic erythromycin to clear up acne that was triggered by hormones and antibiotic alone did not clear up.
	When I started taking Zyrtec I had severe sore throat pain that I thought might be strep throat.  It turned out to be environmental allergies.  While I was taking Claritin for about a year, it wasn;t having any effect on these allergies.	I took a half of a 10 mg Zyrtec tablet 2X a day for about 2 months.  I do not have health insurance and could not get a refill.
	Very effective at preventing pregnancy.  Also regulated menstrual cycle length and helped relieve acne.  The best part is that you only menstruate 4 times a year, as opposed to 12 or 13.	You take one pill every day, preferably at around the same time.
	relieved the pain	I was prescibed lyrica for pain in the leg.  It was caused by an impinged nerve in my back.  Since weight gain was a side effect of the medicine, although it did releive my pain, it made it harder for the swelling in my back to go down.  In the end, I came off lyrica and immediately dropped 20 pounds and the nerve was no longer impinged.
	none	Absolutely not following through with it.
	Significant reduction in cramping, stiffness, and "knots" in muscles.	I was prescribed Baclofen with a number of other drugs to treat muscle and joint pain and stiffness due to fibromyalgia.  When I first began taking the medication, I slept ALL the time--as much as 22 hours a day.  I literally could not stay awake.  This may have been due not only to the drug's sedating affect, but to the vast sleep deficit of that years of pain and insomnia had produced.  As time went on, I slept less, and was less dependent on the Baclofen as a "maintenance" medication--I began to "save" it to take in slightly more concentrated doses when a severe muscle spasm or strain, or a "flare" occurs, which happens frequently in fibromyalgia patients.  I have noticed that the drug is less effective than it used to be, requiring higher doses to treat the same level of stiffness or cramping.
	lower blood pressure	qd
	Stabilized moods. Made me feel like "me".  Allowed me to work much more effectively. Increased focus. Completely stopped crying jags (would get so down I'd cry over very little).	daily dose.  Very consistent use.
	sore throat went away, cough cleared up; maybe it would have anyway, but at the time it seemed wisest to avoid getting a worse lung infection than letting it heal itself.	Took drug as directed. It was a big pill, hard to swallow, especially with sore throat. I was pretty miserable though, and could have goten much sicker if I hadn't treated this infection. Pills smelled a little strong--hard to describe the smell--mediciney.
	lower blood pressure and preventing hypokalemia	spironolactone 50 mg PO QD
	It lowered the cholesterol levels overall but it is hard to tell if it was really necessary as numbers picked for "normal" ranges seem rather arbitrary. some people naturally produce more cholesterol.	A standard treatment with lipitor was followed with regular visits to doctor for checkup.
	made the affected area peel and removed the discoloration.	prescribed to remove possible precancerous moles and discolorations on skin.
	I was unable to get out of bed or see my friends. I hated going out to parties, going to class, or just interacting with people in general. After taking Celexa I found myself jumping out of bed in the morning and feeling ready to start my day. I started going out more on the weekends and my grades improved significantly. I was happy again and I felt like my life was getting back to how it was before I became depressed.	My psychiatrist put me on a low dose in October 2009 (20mg) which increased to 40 mg in two months. I am now currently taking 50 mg and it is working great.
	The stop of acid relux symptoms.  The stop of uncomfortable feelings in my esphogus.  The burning feeling and sensation.  Able to eat what i want when i want.	I am to take one a day every night before i go to bed so i don't experience acid reflux during the night.  Which is a common time for the acid to come up in my esphogus and damage it.
	The treatment was effective in reducing my "appetite" for smoking.  It also reduced my appetite for everything, including food.  Therefore, at first, I did manage to stop smoking WITHOUT gaining weight or being depressed about giving up the cigerates.  It just didn't seem important.	I was taking the Bupropion as an aide to break my smoking habit.  I was also using prescription nicotene patches in decreasing amounts.  The treatment WAS effective in TEMPORARILY breaking the smoking habit and possibly could have had longer lasting effects, however, my skin had a reaction to the patches (I started developing large, red, hot circles everywhere they touched my skin) and I found that I could not effectively lead my day-to-day life while under the influence of the Bupropion. Once I stopped using both products, I slowly returned to smoking.
	Advair helped with my asthma initially, which was agrivated by an upper resperitory virus.	I was treated for asthma which kicked up during the winter cold season, and my doctor put me on advair and prednisone (short dose).  I continued on the Advair for four months and as time went on the side affects became more and more pronounced.  My doctor currently has me off of all steroids and the Advair and is watching me for any complications.  blood tests for thyroid and glucose came back within normal levels.
	My acne scars continued to get better and better and eventually completely disappeared.	Initially, I applied the cream every night. Then after my acne went away, my dermatologist told me to continue using it if I wanted to for anti-aging benefits.
	Seroqel seems to calm my mind.  It stopped terrible mood swings and irritability as well.	Seroquel was added to my medication regiment after two suicide attempts on Prozac alone.  Once the Seroquel was added, I was able to feel calmer and the mood swings subsided as well.
	"Taking 3 mg of warfarin sufficiently thinned my blood so that I did not find it difficult to do everyday tasks.  I immediately felt better after I started the regimen in the spring of 2003.  My cough went away and I had a lot more energy.

I took this regimen for about 3 years, everyday.  I also found it easier to concentrate and think (what was I doing before it???)  It was as if my brain cleared up or something.  I breathed easier and I was more willing to tackle regular household chores.  I worked over 50 hours/week before and during this treatment."	Treatment consisted of simply taking 3 mg. of warfarin daily and getting my blood thrombin checked every two months.  I was not a very good patient about getting my blood thr. checked so I'm sure when I was feeling weak and bruised/bled so easily, my blood was getting too thin.  And then when I would quit the warfarin for several weeks, sometimes months at a time, my blood would get too thick.  I really like my doctor though, because he tells me to do what makes me feel best, and I think that's smart advice.  I must say add that I always loved the feeling of donating blood before I took warfarin because it gave me the same feeling as I initially had with warfarin (at the very beginning of my treatment).  I would like to donate blood now but they don't let me because I don't weigh enough (which makes no sense at all).  Couldn't they take less blood?  Who determined how much blood you can give anyway?
	Some pain relief, only significant benefit was during severe breakthrough pain and/or muscle spasms.  Excellent sleep aid.	"Provided pain relief but only during times of severe pain or spasm.  Made me very drowsy; if I had to take it during the day I would break the tablet in half and take 5mg instead.  This still provided a significant amount of relief with less drowsiness.  

Worked great as a sleep aid; not only did it knock me out but it also promotes proper sleep stage patterns that SSRI antidepressants disrupt.  Has a noticeable hangover effect in the morning however."
	i couldn't get pregnant	take a pill everday peferablly the same time
	The pain from the muscle spasms was drastically reduced.	I had a tummy tuck sx and was prescribed Oxycodone for the first week and it knocked me on my butt!  So my PS switched me to Tramadol.  She told me it would help with the pain, but not as well.  But I think it actually helped more and since I was in a normal state of mind I could actually feel the effects.  Tramadol is great for moderate pain and wont drug you up like Hydrocodne or Oxycodone does.
	"I had an infected jaw, an abcess under a back molar that inflamed the entire left side of my lower jaw producing a large ping pong ball sized swelling. This was probably -- my dentist suggested -- due to an infected tooth root that had migrated to jaw tissue.

After taking the drug, the swelling started to lessen in about 36 hours and progressively lessened over the next 5 days until it was not visible."	Dentitst recommend root canal, and proscribed codeine should have any pain as well as another round of the antibiotic.
	Less frequent and less severe migraines	I took this drug as a prophylactic treatment for chronic pain in my head and neck, and frequent migraines. The dose was started and increased gradually up to the maximum. The side effects seemed to wear off over time.
	Not sure at this point.	Have used Retin-A, Tazarac for years off and on. As I've gotten older and menopausal, my skin is very dry. Was prescribed Renova and skin still very dry when I use it. I use CeraVe cleanser and CeraVe cream per derms recommendation even after using Renova but skin still very dry. I really want to continue using Retin-A and/or Renova and hope the dryness will improve.
	6hrs sleep per night. Vivid dreams. No other side effects exceptr morning anxity ++. Food tasted better at first, but this faded in a week. To sleep was good, but morning psychedelic effect no good. I sincerely doubt that the mirt would have been manageable without adjunctive benzodiazapine therapy and i wonder if the overall treatment out come would not have been better with benzo monotherapy as i presented with anxiety and insomnia and the M caused anxiety.	30mg daily oxazepam 30 prn x3 max
	lifted mood from severely depressed to being able to live normally,still taking 75mg and pobably will be for forseeable future.happy to do that tho some of the side effects are not desirable it would be worse without it.helped with concentration and ablility to function.Also with confidence	started on normal effexor 150mg ,after taking others with no real effects.was not really happy as made me feel odd for couple of hours of taking so gp changed to modified release which found much better.Had to up the dose to 325mg before saw significant improvement but now on way down again and at 75 mg modified release once a day
	I was able to quit smoking after 7 days without major withdrawals.	I tried on numerous occasions to stop smoking but was unable to remain smoke free.  I read about Chantix in a magazine and set an appointment with my doctor to see about getting a perscription.  I began my therapy, set a quit date for one week later.  I followed the instructions and noticed at approximately day three, that my cravings had eased somewhat.  In the days that followed, the payoff I usually recieved from the nicotine no longer had the same effect.  This was somewhat annoying to me, however I continued with the medication until I finally quit smoking.  I have been smoke free for over 6 months off the medication.  Chantix is one of the most effective medications I have ever used.  It really worked for me.
	By the 5th day, I was feeling much better.	2 times a day for 10 days.
	The medication took all my simptoms away completely!	"Before taking this medication I was in constant pain. Every muscle in my body hurt. Legs, Back, arms. All my joints felt like they were being nawed away and had burning pain in ever muscle. I had a Migraine ever minute of every day. I was constantly exsausted. After taking it for one week, I felt like a new person. For me this was a miracle drug. I stopped taking it after a month and was pain free.  

Since then, When ever my Fibromyalgia flares up... I take it for a week or more and it puts me back on a deep sleep pattern. I don't have to take it all the time. Just when I need it."
	"IT WORKED FOR RELIEVING SOME OF MY NECK AND BACK PAIN.  PLEASE NOTE, MY CAUSE OF PAIN WAS DUE TO SURGERY PAIN AND NOT YOUR NORMAL KIND OF BACK PAIN.  I MUST SAY THAT IT JUST KIND OF TOOK THE EDGE OFF OF THE SEVERE PAIN I WAS FEELING.

AS TIME WENT ON I BEGAN TO HEAL AND FEEL MUCH BETTER AND NOW IT TENDS TO WORK MUCH BETTER."	"DUE TO A SLIP AND FALL ACCIDENT, I NEEDED TO GET BACK SURGERY FOR MY CONDITION.

THE TYPE OF SURGERY I HAD WAS CALLED ANTERIOR CERVICAL DISKECTOMY AND FUSION FOR CERVICAL DISC DISPLACEMENT.  THE DOCTOR PRESCRIBED OXYCODONE ALONG WITH NAPROXEN.  I RARELY TOOK THE NAPROXEN BUT TOOK THE OXYCODONE FOUR TIMES A DAY FOR TWO MONTHS.  AT THIS TIME, I STILL TAKE THE MEDICATION ONLY WHEN I FEEL I NEED IT - APPROXIMATELY ONCE OR TWICE A DAY."
	The drug relieved the sore throat and lungs, albeit within two or three days.  I continued to have coughing fits only at night.	The doctor prescribed doxycycline to me to eradicate my infected throat and lungs.  The treatment was intended for 7 days at 100mg a pill and the instructions were to take 2 pills a day, however, following the side effects, I took one pill a day until.
	"The perioral dermatitis cleared up within the first week. I had been suffering with it for several months.

My acne cleared up significantly, but I still had the occasional lesion."	I was prescribed doxycycline for three months and then put on a stronger antibiotic because the acne was not completely gone.
	good hair growth	Prominent hair growth front of the mid-scalp area. I got from International Drug Mart, an online pharmacy. There are some medications which when combined taking with propecia will increase the side effects of the drug. to know the list of drugs that increase the intensity of the side effects you can look at http://www.internationaldrugmart.com/propecia.html
	cleared up cough and chest infection, although the treatment worked it was difficult at first to decide how much better it was making me as I had hot flushes, dizziness and diarroheah, all in all it took a good 5 days to start working	3 x a day for 7 days
	Much more relaxed evenings and better sleep.  Was able to sleep through the night.  Woke in mornings without back aches and pains.  Flexeril was effective as a muscle relaxant.	One dose nightly as needed for sleep.  No other medications or supplements were used.
	I was given a short course of prednisone to take, along with whatever antibiotic I was currently on, whenever the antibiotic alone was not clearing up the sinus infection.  The prednisone worked like a charm, but at a cost.	In addition to whatever antibiotic I was currently on, I was to take 9 mg. of prednisone -- the first few times, it was 3 mg with each meal, but that was really too much, so later we did the three tabs all at once in the morning -- a day for several days, sometimes as few as 7, sometimes as many as 15.  Then, I had to taper off the amount I took for several days, in 3 mg increments for a few days each new dose.  Finally, I would be off it.  This time.
	There were no treatment benefits--See below--I hoped to begin to see some effects after several months but because I had so much difficulty with it I gave up.	I had used Differin in the past with good results but was considerably younger then--in this last round I tried it hoping to reduce wrinkles but couldn't proceed with using it due to irritation etc.
	symptoms were numbed, I was able to better "deal" with life and get through my days without crying or having a nervous epsiode	I just took one a day, in the morning. When I would voice my concern about the perks of the drug with my Doctor, he was just adjust the dosage or try me on something else. I wished he would have advised me to do some psychological exercises to accompany the treatment.
	It was nice to not have to worry about a pill every day, you can put one ring in and then don't have to worry about it for 3 weeks.	ALthough it is convenient, it almost defeats the purpose of birth control if you have to worry all the time that the ring is going to come out. also, mood swings and feelings of tiredness were almost unbearable. would not recommend it.
	My skin was lighter in the area where I put Tri-luma.  The dark spot never did completely go away.	I took one dot once a day in the evening before I went to bed. I used no other creams on my face.  I took it every other day.
	The drug prevents the pustules that can result from Rosacea.  When I do not take the drug for a week, the pustules tend to reappear.	My Rosacea had progressed to the second stage (pustules) before I was diagnosed.  I woke up one morning with pustules on my face, and one was infected.  I went immediately to a dermatologist, who diagnosed me with Rosacea and prescribed 200 mg of doxycycline daily.  I tried that, but my stomach would not tolerate it.  He lowered the dose to 100 mg, and I did better, although it took a few days to adjust.
	The medication treated the depression without the sexual side-effects that accompanied several other medications for depression.	I was prescribed Wellbutrin, was on it for approximately 5 months and gradually stopped over the course of a few days.
	Carac is used once a day as a topical cream in order to remove pre cancerous cells.  It did a great job of removing all bad cells.  I used it before going to bed.  I only used it 2 weeks because I had the reaction quicker than most.	You put the cream (Carac) on the bad cells whereever they may be, once a day for three weeks.  Over time you skin will have a reaction, become like a bad sunburn and then begin to peel.  Carac will only attack the fast growing bad cells.  I had a great reaction to Carac so it worked extremely well for me.
	The drug cleared my sinuses but took some time to become effective after use. The effect only lasted about half a day. I would take this off and on for about 3 months.	The medication was for my use during a sinus infection at first to help relieve congestion. When the sinus infection subsided I still had congestion fairly often so was prescribed to take is as needed. I would usually take one in the morning when it was worst. I stopped after a few months due to side effects and made diet changes to relieve it.
	Actonel helped my bone density increase the first two years.	Actonel helped my bone density increase the first two years.  The third year I did not increase bone density - just stayed the same as the year before.
	Calmed my crohns and inflamations. Allowed me to eat more foods. Made bathroom trips easier and less painful	Given a hospital take 3-4 hours. Doctor assistant visits at the end. Nurses are wonderful but when I get to the 4.5 or 5 week mark my intestines go insane.
	I did not have any benefits by using hydroquinone	My dermatologist prescribed hydroquinone 4% cream to helped me with a light hyperpigmentation problem. However, hydroquinone did not work at all. I had the opposite effect. My hyperpigmentation became darker.
	To reduce elevated prolactin and control the growth of the tumour	MRI scan and blood tests discovered the  presence of a microprolactinoma (benign pituitary tumour). Treatment consists of taking a dopmine inhibiting drug in this case it was Cabergoline (also used Bromocryptine) to suppress the production of prolactin and therefore control the growth of the tumour.
	seemed to have a very mild calming effect	details? I tlod my doctor what was bothering me and he prescribed this. He said it would take a while to feel results but after a year I thought that was long enough. Then I swiched doctors.
	preventing pregnancy	n/a
	to help heal several facial scar revision surgical wounds to heal faster.	put the cream on the new surgical scar immediately after surgery, while the stitches were still in.  3 x per week at nite for 8 hours. Cover with plastic type saran wrap and tape so that cream does not get wiped off or smeared.  wash off thoroughly in the morning.
	"weight loss right away.  I felt it working in brain right away, but lost the efficacy when I built my tolerance.  My MD gave me more and the same thing happened.



Meds don't cure add 100%, so now I take supplements."	"rec'd speed but no focus. I took the dexerine in morning and it wears off at

night.  I lost weight for the first time as the metabolism was great, sadly

i gained 15 lbs off the same diet."
	Essentially there were no identifiable treatment benefits.	This medication was intended to reduce patient use of narcotics by providing adjunctive treatment of chronic pelvic pain, as indicated by several studies. I have also prescribed it for neuropathic patient. Most patients experience no benefit, or if there is any benefit, it occurs at small doses. Titrating the dose up seems to worsen side effects without providing any added benefit. In addition, it is a costly drug.
	I immediately felt my mood swings and irritability disappear and I became a nicer person again overnight. My partner noticed it immediately and I noitced it in myself. I havn't cried at all and  although I don't feel depressed it's more that all my feelings have been numbed! I feel that nothing affects me and that I am better able to cope day to day.	Although this has been by far the best treatment drug I have tried in terms of treating my depression and mood swings and irritability at the moment I have chosen to withdraw from the drug due to the chronic fatigue which was bringing me down and beginning to make me low in another way. I have been told by the professionals that I have a chemical inbalance and that I have to take the anti-depressants like a diabetic has to take their insulin but for the moment I have chosen to have a moment drug free to find out what sort of person I am! I suspect I will last only a few weeks. Of of all the drugs I have tried this has been by far been the most successful for me in treating the symptoms.
	I felt no pain from the extraction on the Vicodin.	I was given a prescription for the first week with an option to refill. I did not refill because I was not in a lot of pain and didn't want to continue to experience the side effects.
	decrease in acne, and less oil in skin and hair	I took 25mg twice daily for three months. It was definitely effective in treating my acne, although I still received breakouts - just not NEAR as many. It didn't take very long to kick in, but by the middle of the second month I started to notice my lack of sexual desire. Did that disappointment me? Yes. During the last month and a half I was having issues with my menstrual cycle. I had four periods during that time. My usual cycle is typically somewhere between 35 and 45 days. So this worried me a little. By the end of the third month I was experiencing mood swings. Caused by my irregular menstrual cycle? Possibly. I don't know for sure. I would wake up mad, have a wonderful day, and then come home and cry myself to sleep. And why would I be so upset? No freaking clue, but I do know that it was entirely exhausting. If it weren't for such side effects, I would have rated this drug higher because it did exactly what I wanted and cleared my skin up.
	excellent birth control	one pill once a day
	My skin definitely looks smoother and firmer than it actually did when I was 38 and started on the Retin A.	I started out with the lowest does and gradually went to the highest. Now I don't have any reaction from it.
	It reduced some of the side effects of depression such as insomnia, frequent crying and feelings of hopeless.	Withdrawing from the drug was done slowly, with a gradual reduction over a six week period. Treatment was accompanied by talk therapy. The withdrawal from the drug itself was difficult, as it led to the emergence of anxiety and panic attacks and a new case of mild depression.
	reduce pain levels and resume daily life without interferance from pain. Reduce pain in order to proceed with physical therapy.	Take up to 6 times a day for pain
	The tetracycline helped to reduce acne lesions.	The treatment was, at that time, one of the treatments for acne. Being a systemic treatment, it did decrease the acne lesions but only on continued use. As soon as it was discontinued, the acne returned as usual. It was to use 2x per day indefinitely and so was not the best idea but at the time did prevent the gross acne lesions that would have occured without.
	Significant reduction in feelings of anxiety, angry feelings, and social anxiety. Normalizing of affect, increased ability to focus on tasks and to cope with minor stressors. I felt a sort of reorganization of my thought processes, no longer brooded interminably about minor failings or ineffective social interactions or the presumed opinions of others about my worth. No longer hypervigilant about social cues. "So this is what it's like to be normal!"	Took 20 mg of paroxetine each morning (easier to remember in the morning). Reviewed effectiveness with prescribing physician every 3 months.
	Always prescribed together with topical antibiotics such as Klaron.  Quite effective in curing acne, but takes months and situation gets worse in the first week to month.	I'm an Asian female in my 30s and have been having moderate acne problem for over 20 years.  Amoung over-the-counter medication, only benzal peroxide works for me, but I still have break-outs from time to time.  My primary care doctor prescribed Tazorac and Klaron for me about 2 years ago and it was very effective in clearing up the acnes in a few months.  But even the prescription cannot fully cure the problem and doesn't prevent future break-outs.
	Cleared up the sinus infection quickly, felt effects almost immediately (less pressure, less pain, less pus being expelled)	Took Biaxin twice per day (1,000mg total daily) and used Nasocort inhaler for inflammation of the sinuses.
	Dapsone treated the intensly itchy skin condition quickly and efficiently.  A gluten free diet alone did not relieve this condition.	2-100mg tablets are taken at bedtime.  The dosage is self medicating, which means that if the condition is under control I can lower the doseage to see if the contrlo can be maintained at a lower dose.  So far, after one year, I have been unable to do so.
	Before Armour I was taking synthroid, and had huge weight gain, depression, mood swings, etc. After switching to Armour my brain cleared, I had less problem with at least keeping my weight on the same level, no muscle cramps anymore	Taking medicine daily, half morning, half evening
	Increased productivity, ability to stay awake during the day.	This was used in conjunction with Lexapro for depression.  I started taking it to keep myself awake (drowsiness as a side effect of the LExapro).  However I quickly lost about 10 lbs and couldn't stop moving around.  Eventually my thinking became jumbled (I don't have ADD).  I was constantly thinking in circles.
	Reduced pain, helped with sleep	Medication to be taken as needed for pain after arthroscopic shoulder surgery. Would not want to take this medication unless in severe pain due mainly to the fuzzy headed/dizzy effect.  Certainly could not drive or operate machinery while on the medication.
	Eliminate yeast infection	One single dose oral pill.  Repeated dose one week later.
	I had very bad lower back pain with spasms and considerable swelling on my left side, to the extend that when standing, I was leaning to my right.  Flexeril took care of most of the pain and much of the swelling.	Once the swelling and discomfort were at a manageable level, I saw a chiropractor.  Although his ultrasound treatments weren't particularly effective, I greatly value the information he gave me relating to how I should sit, lie, stand, helpful exercises, etc.
	Completely ceased all anxiety, and I am now able to participate and enjoy life fully.	I have been on 20mg (one tablet) of Paroxetine for around 5 years now, as well as see a psychologist for 6 months.
	depression greatly reduced, anxiety lessened.	treatment began for post partum depression and continued once adjustments were made.
	Pain, (which was not controlled by Acetaminophen w/Codeine #3), was reduced to a manageable state with Ketorolac.	Three dental implants were being implanted into the front, lower jawbone to anchor a bridge replacing 4 lower incisors and 2 lower canine teeth.
	less depression/anxiety	I stopped taking the Lexapro and have been trying to manage my depression on my own with yoga, light therapy, supplements which has only been mildly effective.
	The Paxil relieved my anxiety and mild panic attacks at first. After time my doctor needed to increase the dose to get the same effect.	"I started with half a 10mg pill a day. It was the increased to a full 10mg a day.  I then went to a 10mg and a half pill a day. Then went to 20mg a day.

I then went off Paxil entirely. My blood pressure went down and I lost a good anount of wieght but not all that I had gained. I did have some very high axiety at first but then it subsided."
	Regular use of Retin A cleared my acne dramatically. Initially, I experienced and increase in the presence of acne pimples and moderate redness and irritation. This lasted for a couple of weeks as my skin adjusted to the medication. Within about six weeks, I would guess my skin was 75% clearer. Over the past twelve years, I have experienced only rare pimples which resolved quickly with little or no discoloration. One important note: do not scrub the face with washcloths or any other abrasive products, and use plenty of moisturizer. Scrubbing makes the irritation and pimples worse.	Cleanse face with a mild soap each night. While skin is still wet, apply Retin A (pea sized amount will cover entire face). Allow to air dry completely. Wash off in AM, pat dry, and apply moisturizer/sunscreen.
	My headaches were less frequent, less severe, my PMDD symptoms decreased drastically.	I was given the drug to take once a day to help with severe migraines that were triggered due to stress and severe PMS symptoms.
	The pain was greatly diminished and I was able to live my life in relative comfort.	I was taken off the diclofenac to see if that was the cause of the elevated liver enzymes; the tests were repeated about 6 weeks later.  They came back normal once the drug was out of my system.  I went back to suffering a great deal of pain and was sent to physical therapy, which didn't help.  I ended up having a nerve block done for the spinal problem, which has fixed the pain.  The other disseminated pain I have, was later treated very successfully with tramadol, 100 mg., two 3X daily, plus gabapentin, 600 mg, one 3X daily.
	better sleep, less raciness	started at around 300mg and went up to 900mg but that was too much.  Then moved to 600mg and doing fine..  I think a person needs to find the minum dose that works to avoid side effects.  I am told that many people need high doses in the 600 to 800mg range to get results..
	Started taking this drug in 2002 due to a high TSh reading, asymptomatic. Took it for 8 years raising my dose after about 5years from 50 mcg to75 mcg. Six months ago I developed panic attacks,speediness,anxiety,gastric issues,dizziness very suddenly with a sudden drop in my TSH from a steady 1.8-2.0 to as low as .20.  Continued to take the Levoxyl but dropped dosage back to 50mcg and hope to become asymtomatic shortly. Take Xanax for the panic attacks as needed. Am hoping to perhaps supplement the T4 with T3 Cytomel or something for the depression.	Above
	I felt relaxed, could sleep, good drug to be lazy on. If I felt panicky and wanted to relax I could. I don't have alot of benefits to say because I think the grouchiness outweighs the good side effects to me!	1/2 a pill twice daily for 20 days and 1/2 a pill when anxious. This treatment was to make sure I didn't get panicky and could relax. I did feel relaxed but grouchy!
	patient took this drug to help with concentration and focus problems occurring in a classroom environment with many distractions.	patient taking one 36 mg tablet, 7 days a week, in the morning after breakfast. Tablet was a slow release lasting throughout the day.
	It took the "edge" off the pain, for sure.  Without the medication I don't know how I could have put up with it.	The Vicodin was for the pain of the broken arm.  The arm was in a plastic type of cast and sling.  After 8 weeks I was able to remove the sling but the shoulder had "frozen" by then so the physio required was just as painful!
	It started working immediately which was wonderful.  My energy level increased, I was more interested in going out rather than hiding in my house.  I've increased to 100mg 2x's a day.  I've lost approximately 25 pounds but I think that's because of an interaction from the Concerta & Lamotrigine.	I started out with 25mg and moved quickly up to 200mg per day.  I increased to 250mg but found no benefit so I dropped back down 200mg.  If I didn't have the sweating side effect I would DEFINITELY continue to take this drug.
	Stopped the constant racing thoughts at night.  Finally could get some decent sleep.  Before I'd lay in bed for hours on end thinking and thinking over and over until I was nuts.  Now am able to sleep an entire night through with less paranoia to boot...	I know there are issues with weight gain.  Because of the sedative effects, this makes natural sense.  I would advise people to try to incorporate as much exercise in their daily lives as possible to combat the weight gain.  Also, if you typically take the drug at night, as I do, try not to eat at least 3 hours before bedtime.  This is hard, but I have learned it is a small sacrifice so I feel more mentally stable.
	reduced time to heal after an acne outbreak	applied twice daily but then had to cut down on the frequency as it resulted in very dry, peeling skin, and irritabble to touch. The pimples definitely went away faster, by matter of about 3-5 days, but it also left a diffuse discolored area behind.
	Moderate relief from headache. Sometimes complete relief from the headache where I can continue on without a headache for several hours.	I take 1 2.5mg orodispersible tablet. After 30 minutes to 1 hour the headache starts to subside. Sometimes I need to sleep after taking the tablet for the headache to completely subside.
	Depression lessened considerably after 6-8 weeks.  Anxiety & depression not totally eliminated, but after initial 6-8 weeks of treatment patient was better able to deal with depressive thoughts and worry.  Allows patient to live a functionally normal life.	Patient has been on Lexapro in past, though weaned off (with negative side effects including tremors, electric "zaps" and finally the return of the depression/anxiety).  Began treatment again Sept 07 and continues currently.  Current treatment began with 5 mg daily for 4 days then 10 mg daily after that.  Medication is taken in morning.
	I was able to reduce my dependence on Verapamil down to 240 mg. when I added the Diovan	Diovan is not taken alone but is in addition to your regular blood pressure medication.  It is taken 1x a day, in the morning, along with your regular med.  The change in blood pressure was immediate, and within days I had to reduce my Verapamil.  But the side effects were so troubling that I quit taking it.
	Reduces the symptoms of pseudomonas chest infection for a few weeks, especially the haemoptysis.	Take the drug for a 3 week course then wait until symtoms increase again then have another 3 week course. Usually works out at about 3 weeks on & 3 to 4 weeks off.
	My staph infection on my neck and legs started to clear up pretty quickly... within the 2nd day i noticed a huge difference.	Taking the drug and putting on topical mupurocin.
	reduced blood pressure and less water retention in legs and ankles	When I switched to the generic brand the side effects were moderate to severe, but after returning to the non generic Hyzaar once again, the side effects were less severe and acceptable once again.  I wore a heart monitor and took active blood pressure readings in order to determine if the generic brand enhanced the side effects.  While still not conclusive in my mind, I've elected to pay the extra dollars for the non generic brand.
	The burning in the legs are now tolerable.	I was thrown over a fork lift at a grocery store by a student.  I have been in rehab for 2 months and had many other therapies.  I have celiac disease which was caused by the accident.  Changing my diet took away some of my joint pains and the neurontin has helped the burning in the legs. I still have pain when touched in other parts of the body.
	None!	Please dont take this medicine it made my acne horrible! I only had mild acne in my chin area. After taking this medicine it made my acne worst like never before in my life. I started getting severe acne all over my face!Now I have ugly acne and scaring and before this horrible medicine I only had ugly chin acne!I feel so depressed! I dont want to live any more!
	When taking the Accutane I noticed a decrease in the amount of acne I had on my face over the course of the treatment.	I took one pill per day for 6 months, at the end of which I noticed a marked decrease in my acne. I could not get pregnant during the treatment because of the high risk of birth defects. I remained on birth control throughout the treatment.
	I found that I actually felt worse rather than better, the only benefit was that with  imovane I could sleep at night which I couldn't do earlier. I never really felt rested though. I am not sure if the combination of these 3 drugs caused my anxiety to become worse. Venlafaxine was supposed to help my depression but I found it totally ineffective. I am wondering if I get a higher dose will it help but I am afraid it might make it worse . WOuld love to go off all of these medicines as I feel the side effects are worse than the depression	"Morning Venlafaxine - 225 mg

night before going to bed - diazepam 2mg and imovane 7.5 mg"
	I noticed an improvement in my thinking within 3 days.  I began to think more positive and objective.  I also began to sleep much better, to much for quite a while.  After a couple weeks, I was not nearly as depressed and it kept getting better.	I was prescribed Effexor XR for depression.  I initially began on a low dose to make sure I could tolerate it.  The first day, I noticed a decrease in anxiety as it made me a bit tired.  After a few days, I could tell I was thinking more clearly and did not have that 'doomed' feeling as severe.  I began doing more things and getting involved which helped even more.  After a couple weeks, my Dr. doubled the mg. and that is the current level I am now on.  I feel very good and only have set backs when things in my life are extremely stressful.
	The Sulfer drug helped reduce abdominal inflammation and reduced pain felt with Crohn's flare ups.	Sulfasalizine was taken three times daily. As I began to wean off the drug, I moderated how much I was taking in regards to the pain and inflammation I was feeling. I am currently off the drug and take no medication for Crohn's.
	Patient was in second year of law school when began taking Lexapro; anxiety lessened as did depression, however didn't improve motivation to study.	Was prescribed Lexapro by primary provider after patient revealed to doctor very unhappy at law school and thinking about quitting. He felt better, anger, anxiety, depression lessened. However, seem to gloss over the importance of studying and doing the reading and consequently, was behind when the exam period came and had to go on Ritalin to get through this period.
	It kept me at a low-functioning level (work and occassional activities), which was an improvement for me.  It kept me functioning due to decreased depression.  I had taken it for a few years on and off before finally switching to another drug two days ago due to the drug becomming no longer effective.  When I was younger and the drug was new to me it was much more effective.	40 mg of and on for years, then increased to 60 mg four months ago due to worsening depression.  I am being switched to another medication as this drug is no longer effective.
	Since starting the plavix and other meds, I have had no strokes.	I've had one stroke and 15 T.I.A.s.  It is a genetic problem, but I have fully recovered from all.  The first was in my 30's. I eat a very healthy, low fat, vegetarian diet and I excercise regularily.  The meds I take are necessary, however a healthy, acitve lifestyle is critical.
	The treatment did not affect the level of joint pain that I experienced, nor did it improve joint stiffness. I cannot comment on it's effect on inflammation as my inflammation tends not to be visible anyway. <i This may be the reason that Naproxen did not benefit me</i	I would never take Naproxen again without having a LONG discussion with both a doctor and pharmacist.
	immediately stopped getting acne.	took pill every day and applied benzoil peroxide topically everyday for about six months.
	less acne, brown spots somewhat faded	daily application of cream to face
	"Imitrex was the miracle drug for me at first. Suffered with migraines since the age of 7 and never got relief except through ER shot of stadol/phenergen starting at age 27. So when doc gave me imitrex shot the first time I thought I found my miracle. 

It does get rid of the pain completely. I have no complaint about that.

I used to only get migraines once or twice a month."	Again about the rebound effect. Some doctors refuse to admit that this drug causes rebound headaches but for me it did. I took nothing else...no OTC drugs or anything else for the headach. ONLY the imitrex. When I realized what was happening I stopped taking drug and just suffer through as I used to. That's the bad...the good is frequency of mograines are much less.
	Neurontin coupled with a stimulant such as caffeine gave me a warm sense of well being and evenness.  However, the drug acted merely as a Novocaine to numb my depression and did nothing to help correct my brain chemistry.  That said, it was an effective enough band-aid that I suffered the sexual side effects in order to take it as prescribed.	I was prescribed Neurontin for severe depression in 8/09.  As of 9/10, I am still taking it but considering ECT.
	initially made it easier physically to stop smoking however still craving but know that smoking will not give me the same feeling or be as enjoyable due to the blocking of the nicotine receptors being blocked by the drug, so have not smoked.	Take 1 tablet in AM and one tablet in PM with food and 8 oz of water
	reduced hot flashes; reduced heart palpitations	I started taking the drug 2 months ago to streamline a regime that consisted of taking estrodial and a progestrene cream.  So far, I feel it doesn't have enough estrogen to regulate mood swings and dryness of skin. I also have breast tenderness and continued heart palpitations. I think I prefer going back to activella along with the progestrone cream.
	in a very short amount of time all of my anxiety was gone which was worth the side effects. my depression decreased as well.	i was prescribed zoloft in the past and it worked well, so my doctor thought that we should try it again for my anxiety and depression.  it worked very well in a short amount of time.  it was worth the night sweats to have normal days.
	acne vulgalis , oily skin and post inflamation hyperpigmentation.I know retinoid cmake skin younger and anti aging if I use every.afer I used 6 weeks.My oily skin is decrease.my acne is better.scar and comedones are resolve.Skin more smooth.Hyperpigmentation is decrease.	I apply to the acne areas and thin film at face.Once a day before retiring and after washing.By a quantity of gel on the fingertips sufficient to cover my face And then I apply my moisturizer.non astringent.On the morning I don't use adapalene. I apply my moisturizer and sun block  SPF 19 ( Olay white rediance lotion ) then cover by powder.
	Definite lowering of pain levels. Very gently, not like a pain pill. Several times I got off it, and about 48 hours later was in severe pain.	I was put on this by Rheumatology, 12 years ago. Dose was 800 mg/d until spring of 2007, I asked for it to be increased. After the near heat stroke from riding the riding lawn mower less than an hour, I decreased the dose back to 800 mg/d until cooler weather, then went back to the 1200/d.
	I really did not experience any benefits.	Soon after beginning treatment as directed, I began experiencing the negative side effects. I kept with the treatment for maybe 1-2 months, and then could no longer tolerate the appearance and feel of my skin. It seemed like I was more self-conscious of the side effects than I had been of the acne and breakouts (which were still present anyway).
	Muscle relaxation took about 2 days to be effective.  Pain reliever was effective in numbing the sensation initially, but after 2 days relief was found. 4 days was far better and 6-7 stopped taking every day.	The two medicines were used in tandem to offset the excrutiating pain in neck and shoulders due to muscles spasms. Chiropractic care was also used, but the pain was equivalent to childbirth contractions and after two days of no sleep and increased stress, medicine was sought.  The medicine took another two days to offer relief that allowed sleep, but after 4 days the muscles were relaxed. Chiropactic care continued and yoga was restarted to resolve the underlying problems. After 6-7 days medication was stopped. 1 night of the following week required medication, but since, none needed.
	Taken daily, Prevacid successfully reduced my acid stomach symptoms to the point that they did not occur. I did not need other over the counter remedies I had used in the past, such as anti-gas and antacid medications taken after symptoms appeared.	Prevacid was prescribed for my symptoms of acid reflux, which included some stomach  upset and "full" feeling after eating.  Although it was highly effective, I eventually discontinued use of Prevacid due to side effects.  I am now using over the counter Zantac successfully, only as needed, not daily. It should be noted that I am very sensitive to medication and often react to medications that are not a problem for others.
	HEART WORKS BETTER -NO PVCS- less shortness of breath able to do physical activities again	took the pill and get checkups? congestive heart failure first confirmed by an echocardiogram  wore a holter for 24 hours to detect pvc's
	I saw a moderate decrease of inflammation in some cystic acne lesions.  In the case of mild acne that is not cystic, the risks outweigh the benefits if the injection is not done properly.	A dermatological assistant injected what she assumed to be several adult acne cysts on my face with an unknown amount of Kenalog 10.  About a week after one injection site developed an indentation the size of a pencil eraser. On a subsequent follow up visit the doctor told me that this would go away in two to four weeks.  In two weeks, I have seen no improvement.  I feel that the docor did not adequately explain the possible physical and emotional side effects of this very potent drug.  She never said that it was a steroid.
	Able to concentrate on school, work, movies and everything else that might go into a day. Able to become interested in hobbies and follow through with them.  People treated me differently.  The horses even treated me differently!  This medicine changed my life.  Gained the ability to remember things from conversations to classwork.	1/2 in the AM.  1/2 after lunch
	Niaspan definitely works to lower lpa.  I understand that high lpa cause plaque build up in the arteries.  According to my cardiologist, high levels of lpa cause "skinny people to have heart attacks".  My levels were in the 70's and the normal range ends at 30.  After taking Niaspan for a few weeks, my lpa was within normal limits.	1000 mg a day - once a day  Cardiologist wanted me to take up to 1,500 mg but 1,000 mg brought my lpa back into range.  My blood lpa test came back in the 70 range and normal limit is up to 30.  After taking 1000 mg, I was back in the normal lpa range.  Everyone with a family history of heart attacks or high cholesterol should have an lpa blood test run in order to prevent possible plaque buildup.
	Moderately dulled the pain of a collar bone injury.  Pain was still existent but I was so "dopey" that I didn't care.	Take 1 tablet by mouth twice daily.
	I'm not entirely sure it was effective at all.	I took Effexor once daily at bedtime for 3 years.
	I noticed an accelerated skin cell turn over with the peeling and new skin coming through which is brighter and younger looking. With the combination of the Obagi skin care, my skin also became uniform in color overall and the darker or brown spots faded which helps to make my skin look even better.  I don't have much wrinkles to speak of except minimal ones around the eye area and laugh lines around the mouth which I did not notice any change or improvement on that.  Pimples after an initial phase of getting worst got better and during the monthly period is lesser than before treatment. Definite improvement on that!	"Retin A applied with the Obagi skincare products at night before going to bed. 



Obagi skincare regimen:

Cleanser,  toner, clear, exfoderm, sunscreen during the day.

Cleanser, toner, clear, Retin A mixed with the blender at night."
	I couldn't stay on it long enought to know if there were any.	One 60 mg. pill per day.  I increased my calcium supplement to about 900 mg. per day.
	Even split pill severly reduced anxiety, made me feel more relaxed, took away physical feelings associated with anxiety like sweating and racing thoughts.  Made it easier to sleep.  Continued to work for 12 to 15 hours after taking. Took away mental stress and cleared my mind of all worries.	can be taken: one to two every 12 hours
	It cured my tooth abscess, even though Ampicillin had failed to cure it.	Doctor prescribed this for me as I had a tooth abscess of a few weeks duration.  I had previously been prescribed Ampicillin 500mg 3 times a day for it, this resulted in a lessening of the abscess for a few days and then its return as bad as ever.  Started taking the Flagyl and it made me feel lousy.  Nauseous, vomiting, feeling as if I had the flu.  Discovered that the side effects lessened if I ate something substantial (especially dairy products) before taking it.  I was determined to persevere to get rid of the abscess.  This did not begin to subside until the fourth day of treatment, but it did go completely by the seventh day and has not returned.  This was one month ago.  It is an effective drug, but very unpleasant to take.
	Was effective in treating pain. That is all it was used for.	"All in all, it was effective, but not worth taking for the side effects.

Also, it is severly habit forming. If it is pain that can be managed with an over the counter product, I highly reccommend going that route."
	I took it when my husband of 30 years left me and my 4 kids for another woman.  I couldn't sleep, eat or function.  The klonopin helped me sleep, which helped me function. I probably would have committed suicide without it.	It was hard weaning off because of the insomnia that insued. Once I got off my fibromyalgia got much better, the memory improved, and the disequilibrium slowly improved.
	"Our home was destroyed in the 1994 Northridge Earthquake. Before the earthquake, I was already experiencing depressive symptoms but was reluctant to take medication for it. After the earthquake, my doctor recommended I give the antidepressants a try for a few months coupled with therapy to get me back on track. About two weeks later, I found myself feeling good again, (in spite of my therapist telling me how screwed up my family was) driving down the freeway, singing at the top of my lungs and playing air drums on the steering wheel of my car. The ""Old me"" was back! 



Thanks to the medication, I was able to re-organize my life and focus on moving ahead instead of being stuck knowing what things needed to be done but not having the drive or motivation to do them."	"My primary care physician prescribed counseling and the antidepressant, Zoloft. The plan was to take the medication for three to six months until I felt I was back on track and could maintain a functional lifestyle without it. 



I started with 25 mg every other day for five days, then 25 mg a day for one week, followed by 50 mg a day every day thereafter. I began therapy with a psychologist once a week where I was diagnosed with PTSD. Strangely enough, I found the counseling to do more harm than good in this case partially because it made me see my childhood for what it really was. I did not find that to be helpful at the time. Had I not been on anti-depressants before I went to counseling, I would have needed it afterward to deal with the emotional blows that I had to face and could no longer ignore that drove me into depression in the first place."
	the benefits were, I was taking it for excessive prolong spotting and bleeding. Slowly but surely everything did go back to normal, no more excessive bleeding or spotting but it did take like 8 months.	Treatment was to be ongoing for six months to treat condition. I was to take it 10 days out of the month. During treatment I had break-through bleeding and very bad cramping, though I do not think directly connected with treatment. I gained weight, but soon took off through walking running and other activities. I went through a very bad depression, resulting in me taking another medication for treament of that. It wasn't until I went off treatment until everything got back to "normal" (no more excessive bleeding or spotting in between periods).
	The upper and lower eyelashes grew longer, thicker, and darker.  There is less need for mascara or eyelash curlers with this product.  Lumigan contains the same active ingredient that Latisse will contain when it is released but the difference is that Lumigan is prescribed as a glaucoma medication while Latisse will be marketed and sold as an eyelash growth product.  It does work.	I was told to use it once a day at night and to apply it with clean brush.  It is important to try to keep the bottle from having direct contact with the skin in order to avoid contamination.  I used a new eyelash brush daily and Latisse contains once a day applicators.
	"I recently saw my PCP for my annual exam and had 2 major concerns to discuss with her.  The first was some depression issues and the second was that I had recently developed indoor allergies.  As is standard my PCP recommended antidepressants and therapy for the depression and Claritin (24hr non-drowsy) for the allergies.  The problem is that I am nursing my son and no antidepressants are ""safe"" for nursing mothers (or rather, for our nursing children).  On the other hand, my MD approved Claritin although I was nursing.  At the end of the session she told to to start on Claritin and come back for the antidepressants once I weened my son.  So I started the Claritin and my depression abated.  All of my ""depressive"" symptoms were relieved (the inability to sleep at night but feelings of tiredness all day, the aches, the inability to concentrate...).  Since I started taking Claritin it was like a switch was flipped and the quality of my life has increased significantly.  I feel ""normal"" for the first time in a long time.  In terms of my allergies, the sneezing, runny nose and watery eyes have lessened but my red eye concern (the swelling and redness of the area surrounding my eyes) has not been relieved.  Regardless, I am happy with the product.



I share this in the hope that some scientist out there uses this information to help our elusive understanding of depression and its treatment.  Perhaps an alternative for postpartum depression?  Many mother's feel guilty weening shortly after birth in order to treat their sadness and if Claritin is approved by your MD for use while nursing, why not try it?  Or even as an alternative to conventional depression meds."	Please see above.
	It did control my periods.  Other benefits included a mild feeling of well being and return to health.	following an episode of a 2 month long period with episodes of very heavy flow, doctor prescribed the Provera to regulate period until menopause resulted in the cessation of menses.
	Alleviated depression without lethargy, weight gain, a paradoxical effect, or sexual dysfunction.  Prozac made me suicidally depressed. MAO-Inhibitors like Parnate worked very well for me, except all of my favorite foods were forbidden.  Wellbutrin seemed to be the only antidepressant that lifted me out of my depression, and it had the unanticipated benefit of getting me to quit smoking -- I went from smoking a pack of Camels a day to not smoking.	I took 2 100 mg of the Wellbutrin, 20mg of Ritalin and a 10 mg of a beta blocker (I can't remember the name) in the morning.  Then at 3 I took the other 200 mg of the Wellbutrin; at night I took the Serzone (before it was yanked from the market) and the Trazodone.  I took a drug holiday from the Ritalin over the weekend, but over the years I eventually increased the dosage to 35mg of Ritalin in the morning.
	-night time sleep (at least 5-6 hours per night), more"peaceful" state of mind, no anxiety attacks, better brain function( no "brain fog" from insomnia), better concentration skills,	Hour before bed: 30 mg mirtazapine( avanza) and one 500 mg epilim-ec. Epilim is used in treatment as a mood stabiliser( was told by a doctor). Originally I took only 30 mg of mirtazapine before bed time but after a month of treatment I stopped sleeping again and doctor prescribed to take extra tablet epilim which worked very well and gave me very good deep sleep
	I had lighter periods and never felt the ring inside of me during intercourse or during my every day life.	Within the first two weeks that I started using Nuvaring my sexual desire decreased and it became very difficult to get aroused.  This had never happened to me before and as soon as I stopped using the ring it became easier to get aroused.  I also had constant yeast infections while taking this drug.  Before I started Nuvaring I had never in my life had one.  While on it, I must have had at least six.  I have been off of the ring now for three months and have not had one.  Although I have seen few people make this claim, I swear that there is a connection.
	I did not need to take a pill everyday. There were less side effects compared to the amount in other birth controls. My painful cramps went away.	Although I did not enjoy the side effects of this birth control, it has been the best method I have tried. Very easy to use and it helps for when you have forgetful tendencies.
	At first, there was some minor improvement in the texture of my skin but then it began to degrade the area around my eye. The skin became thinner in appearance and more and more dry. It seemed to be harming my skin. At that point my dermotologist said my skin may be too sensitive. I do not feel that I have sensitive skin because while I may have a pale color skin, it has a olive tone. I do not sunburn very easily. Then I switched to ROC but had similar results.	"I followed the directions which were to increase it gradually.

Another drug that I have had success with is hydroquinone. It does bleach out my melasma very well but it takes perservance and regularity in its application."
	Blood pressure was controlled with the same dose as the former drug I used, MiCARDIS. My insurance would not cover it and I started using fosinopril. I didnt think I had adverse effects from it until someone pointed out my dry constant cough.	I took the drug once daily in the morning and outwardly I felt no discomfort at all. Blood pressure was controlled. I took this drug approximately one year before starting Benicar and losing the symptom of coughing.
	decreased chest inflammation	I became congested in the chest and started with over the counter Mucinex. I got worse in a few days and a fever started. I went to the emergency room and they used a large inhaler device which quickly cleared much of the congestion. After that, I took the antibiotic along with the prednisone, the portable inhaler and 1 months bed rest. I returned to work and stopped drinking coffee.
	The primary benefit was a reduction in acne. I would note that my acne returned several years later and I did a second course of Accutane. Since then my skin has been pretty clear (but I still have occasional breakouts).	Was prescribed a course of Accutane. Took daily for 6 months. Was very effective.
	Slight eurphoria and "high" felt good but not what I was trying to treat	Most recently diagnosed with adult add, never tried add medications before. Tried to give it time to work as many people say side effects get better but could not deal with the major facial skin breakouts.
	Differin does help reduce the number of pimples for an acne patient.  It did not eliminate them in my case, but reduced them by about 50%.	I used a non-soap cleanser to wash my face twice daily.  In the morning, I followed this with an application of Persa Gel and then a sunscreen.  In the evening after washing my face, I would apply a moisturizer, then the Differin, and then spot treated pimples with Persa Gel.
	I noticed that I was feeling better and my menstrual cycle was more regular. My skin cleared up as well and I felt more energetic.	If you do not eat right and take the medicine, I think there is no point. My advice would be to eat healthy, exercise (even if you just walk) and take this medicine you will see results.
	Immediate ability to fall asleep and stay asleep.  No side effects in the morning.	Treatment is 12.5 miligrams for an indefinate period of time.
	suppose to get rid of difittulitis which after colonoscophy I did not have. Took the drug for nothing. There were no benefits. The slight pain I had in the lower left side I still always have	horrible prescribed way too long
	increased ability to cope	support during life stress
	This drug blocked the receptors for nicotine, so the cravings were extremely diminished. The dosage was increased over a week, so the physical withdrawal symptoms were decreased slowly.	"I have quit smoking many times.  This time with Chantix has been the smoothest. 

The physical withdrawal was easier than times in the past.  I was somewhat irritable for a few days, but nothing severe.  The nausea and constipation were annoying, but I was able to work around them. The mental obsession of this addiction is still present at times, but no pill is going to make that go away. It has gotten easier with time."
	greatly helps depression and mood. Very effective for obsessive thinking/ fear.   Stopped depression and there are very few anxieties.  Regained appetite.	20 mg a day from day 1 for 8 years.  Quit 2 years ago.  Started Paxil again Feb 2010 at 10 mg per day for 1 week, 20 mg per day for 4 months and back to 10 mg per day.  Quitting with slow withdrawal presently.  Now taking 10 mg every other day for past 6 wks.  Starting to feel more alive and less sexual side effects.
	Treatment benefits include improved attention to task, improvement in work quality and quantity. Impulsivity was greatly reduced, resulting in a calmer more productive day. Social relationships with co-workers and others were markedly improved. Social relationships with extended family members were also improved. As a result there was a marked improvement in self esteem and confidence levels both at work and at home.	I am not sure what you want in this section.  I received counseling.  Medication was suggested.  Other more typical, stimulant  medications were tried but produced anxiety.  This is a newer non-stimulant medication, and that is a plus. I have continued counseling and periodic check-ups with the prescribing physician.  I am pleased with the results and plan on continuing with this treatment.
	I had been having a pro-longed sleep deprivation problem, and was very fatigued and emotionally drained from it. I tried Tylenol PM but i read the negative effects on the liver from taking Tylenol frequently so I discontinued use. I finally went to the doctor to see what they might suggest, and after a consultation, i was prescribed Ambien. After trying it, I discovered that I would go out to sleep very deeply, and have vivid nightmares. I would wake up 3 to 4 hours later every night though, and only be able to go back to sleep very lightly. After a month of that, I gave it up. I ended up taking 5HTP for awhile with melatonin and now I sleep much better.	I was to take 1 nightly for 1 month to see if this helped my problem, then return to doctor for consultation.
	Once daily dose was more convenient than split doses of previous medication. The gradual release of the medication certainly reduced stomach and bowel problems (frequency and urgency of bowel movements) that had hampered activities beneficial to health such as hiking. The medication produced moderate control of my diabetes, though it is hard to judge what my blood sugar would have been without it	"Metformin was the treatment of choice for my diabetes as it does not produce weight gain. I take 4 time-release tablets after my evening meal. It is important to take the tablets with food to minimise digestive upsets.

On disconcerting feature is that the empty tablet cases pass through the body adn appear in the stools"
	While i take this drug, i feel very well, happy, I can concentrate in my activities. It helps me to make decisions, I can complete activities, i talk a lot, i stay in a good mood, but just while is during the effects.	My diagnostic of ADD was not really accurate. A did just some practical test but no brain exam. The doctor prescribe ritalin as a test, but because of the side effects I had to stop. I did psychotherapy during the treatment. The ritalin helped me but,of course, didn't stop my problems. I feel really better now, but i didn't find yet a drug to help instead of ritalin.
	Able to breathe in a relaxed way without forcing the breath and without wheezing. Asthma "controlled" meaning ventolin used hardly at all (after decades of relying on it).	"I was prescribed symbicort because I was using ventolin several times every day.

I have been using the 200/6 turbohaler most of the time in the past 2 years consistently 2xtwice daily until recently when I have noticed  some loss of flexibility in my back and worsening indigestion (plus nervousness at using steroids); so I have been taking note of an information ""wheel"" from the nurse which basically tells me I can reduce dosage eventually to 1xonce a day if I am showing no symptoms. At the moment I am on 1xtwice daily which feels about right.  Will ask nurse about 100/6 (which has half the steroid content) on next visit.  Would like to come off completely but maybe not possible."
	The headaches are well controlled on this drug, sometimes for as long as 72 hours. However, the effects of the rug were shorter lived during hormonal migraines	A single pill is to be taken at migraine onset. A second dose can be administered after two hours although in my opinion if the first dose failed the second will probably not help much.
	the low dosage of Lisinopril reduced my blood pressure from 138/96 to 127/90.	I take 1 tablet per day, first thing in the morning.
	the excruciating, shooting nerve pain in my left leg stopped after about a week although I could still feel that the nortriptyline just masked the pain ie. In the past 6 months I have got down to 12.5 mg per day although a recurrence of the terrible shooting pain (after 2 years) had made me decide to try Gabapentin instead- my doc recommends this	10mg at night for the first 6 months, then the pain came through again so I upped this to 25mg per day. Six months ago, I wasn;t aware of any pain behind the pain that I had been used to so, thinking I was maybe a bit better, I cut the intake down to 12.5 mg a day by cutting my 25mg tablet in half each night. this was fine until a week ago when the shocking shooting pain returned accompanied by pin-prick sensations on my face and on my limbs- I've not had thi sin 2 years. I intend to try gabapentin now, although some people have referred to it as the 'zombie drug'. My main reason for not upping the Nortrip back to 25mg, is that I want to see if I will be able to have an orgasm on the Gaba- although maybe this is a luxury- as anyone with nerve pain knows, sex is the last thing on your mind when you are in such pain. But who knows, maybe I will be able to be pain-free and get my libido back...!
	Effective inrelieving runny or clogged nose due to allergies, stops itchy,swelling and watering eyes.	Used 2 pumps per nostril, once a day to relieve everyday allergies.
	Considerable weight loss, increased energy, decreased appetite,	Taken to complement daily exercise and healthy eating, phentermine produced significant weight loss.  It was effective throughout the months, though it lessened over time. The heart rate issues and jitters were felt mostly during the beginning of the treatment.
	Very few side effects and no baby.  I started taking the pill because I wouldn't stop bleeding after having my daughter.  My doctor prescribed another type of pill and it stopped it immediately.  So after my next appointment, I told him I wanted something more permanent and seasonique was the answer.	Stopped taking the pill and asked for something else.
	It took at least 3 days of treatment for me to begin feeling better. On day 6, the ear and throat feel better.  However, I have tickling in my chest and lots of coughing that was not initially the problem.	"2 pills once per day for ten days until finished. 

Take with food. 

Recommend having Yogurt after the required dosage to help your stomach and maintain friendly bacteria in the body to prevent issues with yeast overgrowth."
	I went to therapy and asked about ADD meds, I took a test showing attention and memory lapses. Doc gave me 60 mg, my grades improved dramatically, which was specifically the result I wanted. Furthermore, I got far more done outside of school, coincidentally.	I returned to school mid-career when I saw the economy tanking. I was unable to grasp the rudiments (law, rigorous)despite many hours of studying and reading. During that time my father died, I was depressed and close to failing out. I went through therapy and asked about ADD meds. I took a test showing attention and memory lapses. Doc prescribed 60 mg. I could tell an immediate difference. My grades improved dramatically, which was specifically the result I wanted. I now take 70 mg and intend to until graduating and taking the big test in Oct. '11. After that, I hope to stop taking it. I am not certain that it is effective over 6 months. It seems that one might build up a tolerance to the effectiveness. This most recent semester, my memory seemed to be where it was before I started taking it, but I have not found out yet.
	Less pimples, increased smoothness of skin	I applied the product at night along with a moisturizer recommended by my doctor.  While there was a decrease in blemishes, I still have several on any given day.  This is has not been a completely effective treatment on its own.
	considerably reduced pain, if i experienced any at all.	In my experience with this medication, I've found it moderately addicting and should be taken with caution. I advise to take when in mild-moderate pain because that's what it's for, but hold off taking it every six hours (or as prescribed) if pain is not an issue.
	Since no such infection (i.e. endocarditis) ever occured after a dental procedure, the logical conclusion is that it was successful as an antidotal/ antibacterial treatment against (i.e.) endocarditis. However, I've not been prescribed/taken it for three years, also with no post-procedural infections.	To the best of my recollection (its been a while), the dentist(s) prescribed the 'standard' 2 - 4 500 mg. tablets to be taken 1 hour BEFORE any invasive procedure and the same dosage directly AFTER the procedure: cleaning, extraction, etc.: varying with dentist or procedure. I followed that procedure.
	Prozac helped in toning donwn my depression. Prozac was effective for the first 5 years then my depression slowly started to become worse. I then had to be placed on Wellbutrin for about 2 years, along with Prozac and yet my side effects from Prozac increassed to the point where I was taken off prozac.	I took Prozac once a day in the morning with my other medications. At first my depression was under control but after about 5 years the depression began to become more intense. I was then placed on Wellbutrin with Prozac and my depression soon was improving. However, I started noticing hand shakes which progressively got worse. So after 2 years of Prozac and Wellbutrin I was told to stop Prozac. Within 6 months the shaking/tremors subsided and my depression is now fine by taking only Wellbutrin (150 mg/day)
	"It allowed me to focus on what I was learning, ie, in class work that I may have stopped attending to otherwise, or would have bluted out something ""inappropriat"" without thinking it through before I spoke.

It also allowed me to continue to pay attention and focus on a subject that I have no interest in but must understand and learn, ie, math."	"I think that you can use a drug like this as an adult and greatly benefit IF you retrain yourself behaviorally at the same time. The drug does not hold the key to your success, you do. It helps you if you work ""with it"" and relearn patterns and behaviors. examples are: time management and actually becoming AWARE of time for the first time in my life. I always wear a watch now and use alarms.I make lists,I plan short term and long term .

It allowed me to develop some control over myself and my life; life no longer just ""happens"" to me. I am present."
	prevented mania and panic experienced with mania	After the initial three years, this drug has worked well for me ever since.
	Very good pain relief and muscle relaxation.  Great for alleviating pain from an especially bad headache but also works good as an adjunct for musculoskeletal pain.	"Good at knocking down a particularly bad headache or other breakthrough pain.  Works better when taken at first sign of pain.  Butalbital and caffeine can cancel each other's sedating and stimulating effects, but a tolerance to caffeine will negate that.  Even so caffeine helps boost the effectiveness of acetaminophen.

Tolerance to butalbital's intoxication effects happen quickly but it can still be sedating.  Driving and other functions are impaired; if I have to take fioricet it's typically in the evening and then I'm done for the day."
	Moderate seizure control, seizures controlled during the awake hours, however, still uncontrolled during sleep.  Patient has multiple, short seizures, nightly.	Take 500 mg of Valproic Acid before bed, daily, and 375 mg at breakfast, daily.  This dose was titrated up slowly and eventually stopped at this level. Blood work is done to check the blood trough level.  We are instructed to contact the physician should the seizure pattern change.
	It decreased my wheeze after about 5days. The wheeze became intermittent from then but did not go away and after 2days of not taking prednisone the symptoms returned, not as bad as they originally were though. Am now on so had another course of prednisone.	Was put on Prednisone for asthma which i have not suffered from since i was a child. Had 6weeks of a cough which i though was a developing chest infection that i was fighting off as never turned into anything and i felt fine. My wheeze got really bad so went to gp who put me straight on prednisone. After 5days the wheezing decreased and i felt slightly better. 2days after stopping my course i was getting wheezy again and starting coughing more. Went back to the gp and he put me on another course of prednisone which i am taking at the moment along with a salbutamol inhaler.
	It really evened my mood. I was not irritable at all.	I was taking this medication to help my PMS. I was supposed to use it long term, but I decided to stop because it effective my sex life. I found by changing bad eating habits and getting into a daily exercise routine, help alot.
	Very little benefits, may have had a slight lessening of pain but not much	100 mg. 3 X day for about 3 months for fibromyalgia
	fast weight loss and increase energy	"I got so moody that my husband couldnt stand it. He told me to go off of it. I then decided to try the non prescritpion stuff. I was skeptical thinking it wouldnt work but to my surprize i lost 19 lbs in my first month and could imagine what I would do with out it. Best of all I dont have the moody side effects 



http://www.SlimEffects.com"
	The medication works very well in conjunction with the Quinadine Gluconate to help calm the extra heart beats.  I started on the medication when I was 19 and am still on it today at age 50.  I've tried other new drugs but always seem to come back to this tried and true one.	I was put on Corgard because of the Mytral Valve prolapse.  I am very symptomatic.  This greatly reduced the skipped beats. I take 1 tablet at night before going to bed.
	For awhile it did prevent cold sores. Then I started having frequent chest pains as well as fainting spells. Now I'm finding out from an ER Physician and the Pharmacist I 1. should never have been prescribed this dosage (twice what should be prescribed in per day) and NO-ONE should take Acyclovir for this length of time either. I've been told this is the reason for my fainting spells, chest pain, low blood pressure problems, increased kidney (renal) damage, yeast infections and most recently a series of fungal infections.	I hope this information will help someone not go through what I've gone through. I don't have chest pain since I've quit using it after one week. I was never even given one liver functioning test on this at all and that is reccommended by the way. Good Luck and take care.
	Peace of mind that I am doing something to decrease the MS progression.	I was on copaxone over a year ago and quit because I found the reactions unbearable. My health has declined and I changed doctors and now that I have found the confidence to accept my disease and become more proactive, I have begun applying heat to the site prior to injection. The pain from the shots have practically disappeared. I actually purchased a massager (heart massager from pure romance) that self heats and I don't have to do so much work prior to injection. I still get large red lumps if I don't put ice on it after the injection.
	Mild anti-depressive effect and general sense of well-being. Mild increase in energy and productiveness, easier time staying on task and focusing, directing energy and finishing tasks. More motivated	At low doses, I find providgil to be moderately useful, particularly on days when I know I will need to focus and be productive and have energy for long periods of time, but sometimes I find it steers me towards being overly focused or obsessive on unimportant things, or it can make me feel uncomfortable or anxious for hours at a time
	Nearly complete control of bipolar condition, except in times of stress. It worked very well for me, even though I tried almost all the SSRIs over the years.	I took the drug for many years before it became a problem and I had to stop. I'm not sure what you want me to describe here.
	"Since the tumor was estogen receptor positive, the treatment has resulted in any remaining canncer cells to be in remision.   

The side effects were mild enough that regular activities were not interfered with for the most part.  

It was a better alternative for me than Taxol chemotherapy which had severe side-effects for me."	I take one tiny pill each morning with the vitamins that I take.   There is no nausea or other immediate symptoms.  It is simple to do.
	keeps me alive during flare-ups!  (They incl pericarditis & pleural effusions, ie inflammation of the lining around the heart and lungs ??? involving LOTS of fluid for which there isn't space, leading to heart failure and breathlessness - nice...) I can more or less live a normal life, apart from at the start of a flare (and spending hours researching online!).	For good reasons (not typical lupus, plus 'you know your body best'), my Doc and Consultant basically leave me to decide my dosage! After 3 years I have learnt that when I have the 1st definite signs of a flare-up (pericarditis symptom, ie pressure in neck when bending over), I need to put the dose up to 30mg straight away - from trial and error, anything less just doesn't work, ie putting dose up to e.g. 15mg, then 20mg, then 25mg gives the flare-up more time to really get hold of me! Am trying to decide whether to take 'steroid-sparing' drug Azathioprine as well...v hard decision as it's a serious immune suppressant and has scary side-effects. Hey ho! (Once tried 35mg for a couple of days when 30mg wasn't quite sorting it, and got tingly lips - checked online and thought it could be a sign of calcium deficiency; called Doc, he agreed (!) so went back down to 30mg and was fine.)
	the infection and subsequent pain lessened, though did not disappear completely	after taking the medication, the infection did not completely go away.  further treatment was necessary with another antibiotic.
	Stabilized my anxiety during a difficult relationship and grief over loss of opportunity to be a mother. Allowed me to keep working and stay in relationship without major breakdown. Prevented me from developing panic attacks and developing major depression	2x75mg in the morning with food, started in mid dose as anxiety severe. No real relief for first three weeks then much better. Stopped after 3 months as didn't want to become dependent
	i dont think i felt anything positive, no mood change, just the same really although i am smoking a lot less, it does a good job of taking away cravings for nicotine	to take 2 daily, the results are meant to be felt about 1 month after starting treatment
	More often than not, I was able to sleep for 3-4 hours of uninterrupted sleep.	Ambien, the brand name product seemed to work better than the generics.  I only take the generic, zolpidem once in a while.  I have asked my doctor to prescribe Ambien CR to see if it will be more effective.
	BMI was 36 before I started Meridia.  After 4 monhts, BMI is 28.  Lost 43 pounds.  Increased energy and confidence.  Another benefit was an increase in alertness and confidence.  I had low blood pressure and was quite passive before, and with the medication felt an increase in energy and heart rate.  My behaviour changed - I became more assertive because I was more impatient than before.	After day 9 on the medication, I no longer had that feeling of starving all the time. When I started Meridia, I also started the Jenny Craig program to educate myself on nutrition and get support.  My knowledge of nutrition was so limited that a nutritionist would not have been able to teach me such basic principles - I needed to be taught like a child.  I didn't know this at the time, but 4 monhts later, I know that was the right thing to do and why.
	Allergic reactions stopped almost immediately	Took medication when symptoms arose, stopped when subsided
	it seemed to begin clearing up my sinuses but stopped taking it because of side effects after 2 days	i first took zithromax for my sinuses but kept repeatedly throwing it up, so was prescribed doxycycline and decided the side effects were so bad i'd rather keep throwing up the zithromax.
	"I had taken this medication, Cipro, as prescribed by my general practicioner to treat a strep throat infection.  The first time I used this medication, it was very effective with no side effects and after 3 days

of taking it, I noticed considerable improvement and then by the time the perscription was totally consumed, probably 10 days worth, the Strep throat was gone and all cleared up.  It was the second occasion of treating a similar illness that the side effects were detected."	So I think I have described the details as I can or needed in the descriptions listed above. complely
	general gradual lowering of cholesterol levels over a period of twelve months	the prescribed lipitor was taken for cholesterol for 12 months at 30mg per day once eye irritaition started stopped taking the liptor and the irritation stopped started taking lipitor again and eye irritation returned
	I'm a college student and it was hard to focus on school work, i would hardly listen to conversations, my reading skills were awful, i felt like i was just scanning the words and not really comprehending.	Vyvanse really does help me focus on school work and also at work. I'm better in tests and homework problems. I became a better listener in converstations, i do feel happier, not mood swings. I believe i have a better understanding in tasks and i dont feel as hyper as i use to.
	When I started using Macrodantin it helped for the releive of bladder infections and also the pain of chronic cystitis. After a few years the side effects became more and the effectiveness of the drug less. I started getting bladder infections more frequently while I was still on the drug.	I had a bladder operation, because of a default of my valves. I was born with the problem. Because of the valves not closing properly I developed a kidney stone. The docters had to remove the stone and I lost my kidney in the proses. After the operations my bladder became very sensitive. The docter prescribed bactroban everytime I got bladder infections. The infections did not go away. I started using Macrodantin. It worked for a few years, but later on I started getting infections even when I was on Macrodantin. The side effects got worse and I had to stop using it.
	the benefits were i was still depressed but not as bad and anything was better then that  all in all i should of had the anti bipolar med the damn doc thought i was bipolar	i think this med sould be for very severe bipolar and depression combonation  or i probably should of took the bear minimum dose  it mite of worked but not for me
	After 6 weeks began to reduce the itchy swollen eyes.  Long distance vision gradually cleared and returned to near normal.  After an additional three weeks the itchiness is continuing to reduce and the distance vision is continuing to improve.  Eyes are still itchy but I have gone from putting over-the-counter eye drops in my eyes more than 10x during an eight hour period to about 2x during an eight hour period.  I have improved from barely being able to read the top line of the eye chart to almost normal vision.	Had very dry itching eyes.  Difficult to determine if part was allergies.  Was referred to retinal specialist by my eye physician because of severely decreased vision.  Specialist prescribed the restasis and some different eye drops.  Returned in about 6 weeks with distinctly better vision but continued burning and itchy eyes.  Am to continue treatment and return in another six weeks.  Have noticed a reduction in itchiness since last visit and a small improvement in distance vision.
	This dosage was supposed to help the thyroid function correctly. However, it appeared to make me more lethargic, even though the blood test showed that it was working correctly. I experienced more benefit from exercise than from taking this mandatory drug.	No treatment, other than taking a blood test every 6 months to see if the level was correct, regardless of the side effects. I found this offensive since I clearly gained 20 pounds when on the medication than when I was not on the medication (or the dosage was reduced).
	Considerable reduction in muscle pain and increased energy	Cymbalta was started at 20 mg for two weeks, then increased to 40 mg.  Dropped again to 20 mg after about a month in hopes of reducing side effects, but 40 mg turned out to be the effective does.
	Easy to take (1 pill before bed), noticably helped me think more clearly, speak better, organize thoughts so I could accomplish small projects.  Before the Aricept, I couldn't sort things (laundry, paperwork, bills), couldn't remember to eat, brush teeth, shower, etc.	"Patient: I had suffered a fall from a vasovagal syncope episode (fainted from a standing position, hit back of head on floor).  It was approximately 6 or 7 months before I was prescribed the Aricept.  The Aricept was prescribed to help the brain repair and re-connect (memory, executive reasoning: strategic planning, options, solutions, implementation, changes and follow-through). 



The side effects were worse the first 2-3 weeks on the 5 mg, then the 4th week, my body appeared to adjust and they became less intense. The 5th week, the doctor moved me up to 10 mg, and the side effects increased again. At that point, he took me off the Aricept and tried a competitors ""patch"" called Exelon. That didn't work well at all and set me back 5-6 weeks cognitively. 



Now I'm back on the 5mg of Aricept for the past 2 weeks and the plan is to stay on that dose for 6 months to a year. The side effects were the same at first, and are now getting better each day. I suspect those side effects to subside in the next few weeks. And cognitively - I am improving again each day."
	"Dilantin provided Control of seizures

(mostly petits) as these were more frequent.

Generally, the drug is still as effective as when

first introduced to me so there has

been little need for increasing the dosage.

It was imperative in my treatment, though, that the drug be NON GENERIC ONLY."	"Limit stimulants, plenty of rest,

reduce stress, take meds"
	It effectively stopped migraine at the "aura" stage.  No need to take any additional medications.	Every time more than one pill was taken (where one was ineffective in stopping the progression of a migraine), massive dizziness and drugged feeling would result.
	The adderall allows me to focus and study better.  I definitely function better while taking it.  I am prescribed to take it "as needed" which means that I don't take it everyday.  I tend to take it most school days (med school) and take more of it during testing times.  I am prescribed to take it up to 3 times a day, but I rarely have taken that much.	Since I control when I take the meds (what time, how much- up to 3 per day) I think I have over-done it on occasion, even though it was never above what I'm perscribed.  Some days I will take 3 pills so I can truly concentrate, and then can't sleep. . . may have to take a sleeping pill. . . wake up feeling awful and groggy. . . and have to do the whole viscious cycle all over again.  So, even though I'm doing what I'm perscribed to do, it can be too much for me.  I can understand why there is abuse potential with this drug, as you start feeling dependent on it.  Even with all that, the drug has helped me out more than I can ever explain.
	Less pain in joints, better mobility.  Better able to perform tasks of daily living.  Less stiffness.	I am not especially pleased with the weight gain but I have to take something to control the RA.  I guess methotrexate works fairly well.
	felt better after 3 days...... ... ....... .... ...... ...... ...............	"I took 500mg every 12 hours for 14 days and i was given a script for Tylenol w/ codeine for the sinus headaches.

I was also given a saline wash to wash out my nasal cavity"
	Metformin restored my periods , got rid of the cysts on my ovaries and help me lose weight , restored insulin levels	I was told to strat taking 850 metformin once a day for 2 weeks and then increase the dossage to 850 2 times a day thne 3 times a day to correct insulin ressestance , takinng it for 1 year helped with every thing , I got my periods , stoped craving sugar and lost weight , so far this has been my miracle drug
	I had smoked for 20 years and despite repeated quit attempts using Zyban (bupropion), nicotine patches (and nicotine gum, lozenges etc), I had never managed to stay quit for long. Chantix enabled me to quit my 10 cigar a day habit with minimal craving and after the first week of treatment I really didn't feel the urge to smoke anymore.	Standard treatment regime. 0.5mg on day 1, then 0.5mg BD up till day 8, then 1mg BD till 3 months. Gave up smoking on day 10 though smoking had lost most of its appeal by day 7.
	It cured the MRSA. Major downside was high price. The resulting yeast infection was a bit irritating but not unexpected.I would highly recmmend zyvox to anyone with this particular strain of MRSA.	Pill form, 2 a day. It was pretty simple. I had been receiving it in the hospital as a drip (liquid).
	the doctor prescibed this drug to help with my blood pressure problem. it was moderately high, around 140/100, but I didn't like the side effects. I decided to try losing some weight to improve blood pressure and it seems to be getting better. it is now about 130/95 and will probably continue to fall.	took it once a day
	lowered blood sugar readings some what. Generally speaking I feel it has few benefits, however I feel it may have some way balanced my hormones... increased my sex drive I think but not sure.	Blood sugar dropped by 50% with increase exercise and limiting high glycemic food intake. I felt that the metaformin is playing a minor role in this.
	join pain and swelling	The medicine woks but I still can feel the pain, so for me is not working because of the side effects, I have to take the medicine with food and milk and still have this severe stomach pain, nausea and some times vomits. My doctors are working on put me on something else that could work better for me
	With using generic finasteride there's no doubt that further hairloss has been prevented in my case.  Before beginning on this, my hairloss was rapidly escalating, both at the front and back, and this ceased and slightly reversed once started, and hasn't progressed since.	Mostly generic Proscar - 5mg tablets cut into six equal pieces - 4 days on and one day off in a continuing cycle.
	Don't believe that I took it long enough to really tell if it was working. I had an allergic reaction shortly after I started taking it.	I don't remember the details, but I did follow the prescription directions to the letter. Did not take more than was prescribed to me and took it in the prescribed manner.
	sun damage (freckles on forehead) have gone, wrinkles are less	once a night small amount with vitamin C
	I PREVENTED PREGNANCY	I HAD TO TAKE BIRTH CONTROL PILL EVERY DAY AT THE SAME TIME FOR 3 WEEKS AND BE OFF FOR ONE WEEK. START A NEW PACK OF PILLS ON THE FOUR WEEK AFTER MY PERIOD.
	Treatment benefits consisted of weight gain after pronounced weight loss due to thyroid tumor.  Although the patient felt that there was a greater weight gain than she desired.	Post thyroidectomy, the patient was placed on Levothyroxin 120 mcg, but the patient complained of pronounced weight, lack of energy, lack of sex drive and some depression.  Blood work was done and the dose has been adjusted to 100 mcg and will be re-evalutated in 2 months.
	Hair loss almost stopped, although minor loss continued.	I took Propecia (Finasteride) for 5 years, and then stopped. I started taking the drug again recently because my hair loss greatly accelerated after stopping the initial treatment, however, the adverse symptoms returned immediately, and so I again stopped taking the drug.
	On amlodipine 5mg, controlled BP but ocassional spikes of HTN when dose should have controlled all day, doctor prescribed hydrochlorothiazide 25mg as well in response.	Doctor told me it appeared I was getting very dehydraded, my electrolytes were depleted.  I will get a full fasting lab in a few weeks.  In the meantime, was told to take a sports drink once daily and take the hydrochlorothiazide to see if that helps with the edema and controls the spikes of HTN.
	Reduced discomfort from ulcer.	I took Nexium for four months, discontinued it because of side effects.
	Using Nasonex improved my sneezing, runny nose and stuffiness from year round allergies.  I no longer had to carry tissues with me everywhere I went.  My sleep improved and I was more alert at work.	I used Nasonex for 3 years to treat my year round allergies.  It was very effective but did have side effects. After 3 years, it stopped being effective.
	Considerable weight loss, increased energy, decreased appetite,	Taken to complement daily exercise and healthy eating, phentermine produced significant weight loss.  It was effective throughout the months, though it lessened over time. The heart rate issues and jitters were felt mostly during the beginning of the treatment.
	I had severe depression with agitation and mixed-state bipolar hypomania. I was insomniac. I took abilify 5mg for 3 mos, and then I upped it to 10mg.	the abilify decreased the need for daily klonopin. When I went off of it, I tapered down to 5mg for 4 weeks, then quit altogether. I had racing thoughts when I stopped, but these gradually diminished over several weeks. I also experienced about two months of hypomania, but this was goal-directed and positive for my functioning.
	there were none that I know. Still has osteroposis.  Had to stop because of the stomacjh effect.	See above for treatment details as I don't know what more I could say.  She is healthy now from this.  Fosamax and this type of drugs are not very good for some people.
	ability to concentrate and order thoughts, capacity to work effectively, organise home life, I was able to start tertiary study again and complete assignments and exams where I wasn't able to before due to concentration and motivation issues caused by my condition	ongoing treatment for ADHD, originally I was prescribed 40 mg per day but dropped it to 30 mg when I had a few instances of heart palpitations and panic attacks
	I have good relief of sneezing, dripping nose, chesty cough, dry throat until a couple of months ago	I was prescribed one tablet daily along with eye drops and a nasal spray, over seven years ago.
	I never really had any complications with my disease. It seemed to help treat the ulcers in my colon. It also let me be able to eat normal foods because when a person has Ulcerative Colitis they have to monitor what they eat and usually have to eat bland foods. It really helped me a lot but the side effects took away from the overall rating. The side effects most likely worsened because I was on the drug for a long period of time.	My doctor had me start out by taking 6 tablets a  day, three at breakfast and three at dinner. After 2 and a half months he had me start taking 4 tablets a day and 1/2 a pill less every week, until i was down to 1/2 a pill a day for a week. After that I stopped taking the pills.
	when the drug wears off pain starts to increase to an almost intolerable level after taking 1 dose the pain is swept away and left feeling almost 100% better. BUT I must take 2nd dose in 12 hrs, to keep pain at bay.	After 2 back surgeries doctor tried numerous pain relief options and none seemed to work used physical therapy to strengthen lower back and 1 tablet 80mg twice daily to alleviate pain
	Avage contributed to maximum exfoliation to treat both hyperpigmentaion and minimization of lines, creases and wrinkles. It also helped to minimize pore size and added a more radiant look to my skin (it was very dull and drab).	after 30+ days skin condition greatly improved. Avage contributed to maximum exfoliation to treat both hyperpigmentaion and minimization of wrinkles and anti aging. It also helped to minimize pore size and added a more radiant look to my skin (it was very dull and drab).
	Suppression of cough	I was battling a severe, deep, incessant cough, and was diagnosed with mycoplasma bronchitis, probably contracted from my spouse who had walking pneumonia. I couldn???t go for more than 2 minutes without coughing, and couldn???t sleep through the night.  After suffering for well over a week, I finally was prescribed Tussionex (my spouse was too), and it was the most amazing relief ??? it suppressed the cough, and I could finally sleep. Due to the side effects, I haven???t taken it for any common colds or flus, but it was worthwhile for my severe cough.
	Solodyn contains minocycline and is formulated to be taken once a day. This was very convenient and easy to remember. It can be taken with or without food. The Solodyn seemed to reduce the number of inflammatory lesions, and reduced irritation and itching was considerably.	I took one Solodyn each day. I also washed my hair and scalp with Clobex shampoo, and applied Mupirocin ointment directly to the lesions.
	The course of treatment reduced the severity and the frequency of the neck pain and migraines by about 50%.	the dose was started small and raised gradually to monitor side effects. It was only moderately successful and the side effects were quite a challenge. It was used as a standard prophylactic treatmemt against frequent migraines.
	I have been on every SSRI made- trial after disappointing trial since I was 19. This is the first medication that has worked for any length of time. (Paxil worked for a short period of time but maxed out w/o further benefit even with augmentation).	"No response to 6 mg, slight response to 9 mg, full response to 12 mg. I have adhered to none of the MAOI dietary restrictions (eat a lot of soy as a vegetarian, drink 2-3 tap beers upon occasion) with no adverse effect.



Problem- looking to augment now. After being on 12 mg for most of a year, ""atypical"" symptoms (overeating, oversleeping) returning and 12 mg is max dosage. Even so, I still feel better than I ever had previous to taking EMSAM."
	Significant reduction in acne lesions.  The size, frequency and severity of the lesions was reduced in the first week of use.	I noticed reduction in frequency and severity of acne lesions during the first week of use.  Application was done on clean dry skin and a non-oily moisturizer was applied after the product had absorbed.   Sunscreen was applied for daytime use.
	"+Easier to get up and get going in the morning.

+Increased self esteem.

+Increased confidence.

+Some mood stabilization.

+Significant decrease in skin-picking.

+Increased overall energy.

+Reduction in feelings of guilt and avoidance.

+Enhanced social capacity: less inhibited, more likely to engage in conversation, more interested in others, less sensitive to surroundings, more open and increased assertiveness."	"I am a recovering alcohol and drug user, and have A.D.D. and severe Depression, as well as possible undiagnosed Oppositional Defiant Disorder.



I was taking Imipramine 100 mg. before bed and 20 mg. XR in the morning and 10 mg. in the afternoon before a hospitalization. I was switched to Prozac from the Imipramine, and given Trazadone to help sleep. I am also on an upward increase in dose of Strattera, because my A.D.D. has gotten very bad on the Prozac and off the Imipramine, but have a better mood and increased social ability."
	I was able to get rid of an infection that had been bothering for awhile.	I was given Erythromycin every time I developed a sinus infection. (This had been going on since childhood). I was also given sudafed to treat allergy symptoms and sometimes a saline solution to flush out my sinuses.
	Chronic pain from degenerated cervical vertebra. Bulging discs indenting the dural sac reaching the cord from C5/7 without cord compromise.osteophytes pinching nerve roots bilateral C6. C7/t1 and T 2 Anterolisthesis	I take 400 mgs Gabapentin with 1000mgms paracetomol 4 times daily
	I was given this birth control to help stabilize my hormones to aid in clearing up my acne.  I never saw a significant improvement in my acne.	I was to take this birthcontrol pill daily to aid in the hormonal fluctuations that possibly were contributing to my acne.
	treated hypomanic systems, reduced impulsivity; reduced cravings for alcohol; reduced irratibility; loss of weight (15 lbs); more stable moods;	was identified with Bipolar II two years ago presenting with mixed states.  Hospitalized one week for high anxiety and depression.  Relapsed into alcoholism which exacerbated symptoms. Doctor diagnosed BPII and prescribed Topomax to help diminish alcohol cravings in addition to BP symptoms. Initially became depressed and lethargic. These feelings subsided after three weeks.  Weight loss was dramatic and quick. Cravings dimished, felt more balanced, less irritable and impulsive.
	depression was alleviated to a functional degree.I wasn't in lala land but was able to get out of bed and care for my children. I was never suicidal or violent	I took the prozac once daily and got regular exercize.
	I regained my hearing after a virus caused sudden sensorineural hearing loss in my left ear by taking Prednisone.	I regained my hearing after a virus caused sudden sensorineural hearing loss in my left ear by taking Prednisone.
	After taking Altase, then Lisinopril, began Diovan, first 80 MG, then 160. The "ACE" cough disappeared with the 80 MG almost immediately. However morning surge BP continued.	Sprayed rash with HC Derma-Pax and applied Hydrocortisone Cream afterward. Continued med and random daily BP reading to advise cardiologist if BP altered by increased dosage. If hives recur, will call Dr. and request lower dosage.
	Quit smoking in 90 days	"I have taken Chantix for 6 months and would recommend this cessation method to anyone who is motivated to quit smoking! EVEN if you have a slight desire to quit then this drug is for you BUT only if the following conditions apply: 

1) you are in good mental health 

2) you are not in a high stress environment (I mean like combat or fight fires for a living) 

3) you can accept feeling uncomfortable for about 2 weeks while your body adjusts to the drug.



If you are seeing someone for mental issues then this drug is not for you! If you are in a high stress environment then leave this drug alone! If you cannot handle nausea, constipation, insomnia, or fatigue for extended periods of time then DO NOT take this drug.  The nausea will fade but it can get pretty intense and that seems to be the deal breaker for a lot of people -- I can hack a lot before I ""cry Uncle"", but let me tell you the nausea will come in waves and will wear you down. BUT in the end it was worth it!!!"
	Almost completely Stopped seizures	Started taking 75mg twice a day, never got another grand mal seizure but still got auras about 3-4 a month.  Experienced anxiety attacks in the first 2 weeks but then they went away.   Increased dose to 100mg twice a day, auras decreased to 1-2 per month all was well for about 6 years. Began to notice dizziness while walking or looking down, but nothing debilitating.  After 6 years, anxiety attacks sharply increased along with dizziness.  Started taking Xanax XR to control anxiety attacks and dizziness.  Auras decreased to 1 every 3 months.  However, dizziness, slight disorientation and anxiety when Xanax starts to wear off.  Xanax has helped maintain consistent sleep pattern.
	Definite improvement in mood, particularly at the beginning of treatment. Much better stability with moods and PMS symptoms in particular. I do think that I don't feel it is as effective now as when I started but still feel better than without it and would not stop treatment.	Take 20 mgs once per day. I have to speak with my Dr by phone every third refill and visit in office twice a year to discuss how treatment in working.
	to reduce headache	i was just looking for something stronger for my headache because the usual over the counter painkillers dont help much
	Before taking Lexapro I had severe anxiety attacks, by myself, when i would cry uncontrolably for about 30 mins each night. I would also have random panick attacks in public, triggerd by fealings of self conciesness, insecurity and confusion. After taking the medication, these problems were aliviated.	10mg per day of escitolopram oxalate
	Lyrica reduced the pain associated with my anklosing spondylytis when other therapies had failed.  I had tingling, numbness, pain, and very limited movement in my arms and legs from A.S. after developing 6 moderate sized bone spurs on my cervical spine.  It was severely limiting my ability to have any sort of life.  I have tried almost every form of pain killer from OTC to narcotics with very limited effects.  Lyrica works differently and I find that I can be RELATIVELY pain free.  It does not totally eliminate the pain but what it does is make it bearable so that I can function.  I could take more of it according to my doctor but I am more comfortable taking the lowest possible dose.  I've noticed that I have no more tingling, very little numbness, and a greatly expanded range of motion without pain.  I highly recommend this drug!	Treatment details?  I guess you are asking for how often, etc.?  I am on ongoing therapy.  I take one in the morning and one in the evening.  I try to keep my dosage schedule very precise because I pretty quickly show signs of withdrawal if I miss any.  It has allowed me to start physical therapy, which was previously unavailable because of the pain.  I feel much better but this is an ongoing disease that is not curable only controllable so I don't know what the future holds and if the treatment will change...
	No longer fell asleep at inappropriate and dangerous times. For the first time in my adult life I was able to concentrate. I was able to effectively work and study.	I would set the alarm for 6am, take ritalin, go back to sleep until 7am. This gave the ritalin time to kick in so I could feel awake when I arose. Just after lunch I would take a 2nd dose of ritalin 20mg SR to keep me awake and able to concentrate through the afternoon.
	Completely cleared up my acne b/4 my wedding.	2 capsules daily and lots of chapstick.
	The drug stopped my menstrual periods and put me into artificial menopause.  The hope was that it would trigger my body to go into menpause and stop the heavy bleeding associated with my fibroids.  Unfortunately, my period came back approximately 2 months after the last injection	I was injected once a month subcutaneously in my abdomen just below the belly button.
	I have been able to maintain sobriety and get my life back on track.  Methadone has allowed me to get my "bearings" underneath me, and really focus on what is important in life once again. After about 6 months, I began working and have been promoted consistently since then.  I am currently tapering and am really trying to be smart about it.  While I am very eager to be off methadone, I also do not want to rush it.  I feel that methadone should be one of the last options a person looks to when trying to stop opiate use because it isn't something that can be stopped whenever a person feels ready.  I have found it to be quite a complex task.	I had tried many times to get sober before beginning MMT.  I started methadone after 3 unsuccessful tries at in-patient and outpatient therapy.  When I first began treatment, I traveled 2 hours a day to received the dosage.  After about a year I was lucky enough to get in to a clinic closer to my home but by that time, I had completed all of the necessary counseling hours and had also received all clean swabs and urine tests and was given 3 day take homes.  Eventually that was extended to 6 days which is the most in my state or clinic that you are allowed. It has been about 7 years now, and I am in a total good place in life and feel that it's time to start tapering.  I have held the same job for almost 5 years, have a car, have my finances somewhat in order and am ready to move on to the next phase.  While I have had a relatively easy time of tapering, I had to stop for a couple of weeks because I started feeling some slight stomach cramping and body aches.  I made the decision to go down 2 mgs a week in hopes that such a small amount per week would allow my body to easily adjust to the change.  So far so good and I am hoping that by next summer I will be completely done.
	I had migraines everyday, this slowly worked it up to where i'd only get a mild migraine once maybe twice a week at most.	started at 10mg and worked my way up to 50mg weekly, the side effects got worse as the dose got higher.
	make me worry less, and did make me feel better about life in general. it made my mood switch from being completely depressed and miserable to happy.	this pill worked extremely good. however, as i took it for a year, it stopped working and my body got used to it. and i was back to where i started.
	My headaches have been considerably reduced; however, I still experience some mild headaches. The relief from my chronic and debilitating headaches has been a miracle thus far, and while I've had some pretty irritating side effects, I'm willing to put up with them so that I can live my life relatively pain free. I'm hoping the pain will pass.	Titrated up very, very slowly. Just recently reached my 100mgs, and have been on that for about a week. I'm hoping the weight loss will happen now that I've been on that for a week, just recently have lost my appetite. Interestingly enough, sodas don't taste all that bad to me, but I still don't really feel like having them.
	"IT decreased mildly elevated Prolactin immediately from 25 units to 10 units. (mg/l ?)

It also increased my sex drive, but this stopped after a while. 



It also moderately decreased Psoriatic Arthritis pains and also symptoms in nails and joints, but needed to be taken very regular for this.. Forgetting to take it twice a week already made it work less effective.



(Cabergoline was more effective, had less side effects- but potentially has side effects on heart valve, so one needs to be very careful with it. )"	"Taken for 6 months. Once daily, but half a tablet of 2.5 mg was taken after a while to reduce side effects. I found the best way to get a stable prolactin levels and best improvement was to take half a tablet once in morning and once in evening.



I was diagnosed with Psoriatic Arthritis, symptoms were mild, but psorisis was clearly visible on nails. I considered if there was a link between my elevated Prolactin and the psorisis. Found this on the internet and asked doc to prescribe parlodel."
	Diminished hot flushes, mood swings, anxiety, skin plumped out and wrinkles decreased, depression lessened, concentration and memory and focus improved.	After starting at.325mg-1.5 dose and now up to .625mg-2.5mg estrogen/progesterone I began to have vaginal bleeding, cramping, backache, headache, depression and moodiness, and a general ill feeling. Already have had a D & C in 2010 to rule out uterine cancer and seeing my physician in the next couple of days to have a vaginal ultrasound. Hopeful that changing the dose will help it to subside. Felt better for a while on the Prempro, and now dont feel that great on it.
	It did lower my cholesterol slightly, but that may have also been du to a change in my diet.	I took the Lipitor initially with morning meals and was not having a good result (regarding my digestion) so my doctor had me switch to taking it on an empty stomach, which did not seem to help much.  Overall, I am happy to not need this drug anymore.
	it makes me not nervous and i think it helps with depression also	take 1 mg 5 times a day
	Lunesta definitely put me to sleep and kept me asleep until morning.	For years I had suffered with insomnia until my doctor prescribed Lunesta in a 3mg dose.  It worked very well putting me to sleep and I did not wake until morning.  Unfortunately I could sleep 10 - 12 hours and still wake up with a hangover from the medicine.  Sometimes a half of a pill would do but I would still have somewhat of a hangover although not as bad.  Now I only take during times of stress when sleeping is more important than any of the side effects.
	My cystic acne was reduced. My face did clear up consistently with the help of the pills and creams such as retin-a.	I was to take the pills twice a day with water. I took one in the morning after I ate, and one at night with plenty of water....after a year my body became resistant to the pill and stopped working, and i started taking higher doses without my doctors consent..which was wrong of me and dangerous and maybe that is why the ringing of my ears began...but I was obssessed with clearing up my acne. I was young, I believe i was 17 or eighteen when i started minocin and was on and off it for about 4 years.
	leveled out emotional highs and lows	don't know what this question is asking.
	Very effective at eliminating pain.	I had a motorcycle crash.  I broke 3 ribs and my leg in two places around me knee. I also tore my acl.  Given 2 dilaudid injections in ER and prescribed 4 mg tabs to be taken every 4 hrs.  Did this for one week and began having the "mental" side effects (specifically nightmares and mild hallucinations) after 3 days.  I started taking the 4 mg tabs every 6 hrs and eventually every 8 hrs and these side effects diminished.  Constipation was a serious issue with the 4 mg tabs.  Got a refill for 2 Mg tabs and were definitely less effective but experienced only light side effects (mainly inability to focus).  Took 2 Mg tabs for the remainder of the occasional pain outbreaks for the remaining 2 weeks
	Successful management of post-op pain following reconstructive foot surgery including osteotomy with split tendon transfer.	Was prescribed 2-4 mg dilaudid (I took 2mg, weigh 95#)with hydroxyzine pamoate 50 mg every 4 hours, because following previous surgery both percocet and vicodin caused vomiting and itching. First dose was given in recovery room and continued to take it every 4-6 hours with vistaril as prescribed until untoward symptoms appeared. I had no nausea, vomiting, or itching
	Lower my blood pressure out of the Prehypertension range	Simply take the dosage once a day at the same time and monitor my blood pressure
	immediate relief from acute, severe post-surgical spinal pain following three-level lumbar fusion. minimized discomfort so that i was ambulatory, which was a key factor in my recuperation (physical movement was encouraged)	took oxycodone for two months every 4 to 6 hours for pain relief, then weaned down to propoxyphene
	very firm erection around 20 minutes after initial dose. The 100 mg dose was considerably more efficacious than lower doses. The "firmness" of the erection is much more notable at 100 mg.	have had ED for most of adult life despite not knowing the etiology.
	removal of superfacial basal cell skin carcinomas without surgery	The treatment involved a 6 week period of applying a small amount of cream directly to the affected area of my chest with no harm to surrounding "good" tissue.  I was directed to apply the cream every evening before bed for 5 nights in a row then allow a "rest" period for 2 days. After about 1 1/2 weeks I started getting blisters that eventually started itching and seeping.  I called my derm and was told to wait for about a week and then to reapply the cream.  I did as instructed and all the abnormal skin cells were gone but I was left with small pink colored scars all over my chest.  I have worked for about 2 years applying many different things to even my skin tone back up with only limited success.  Since my first experience I have been given different instructions on the use of Aldara which includes a less vigorous treatment schedlue.  I have learned since that I should not have allowed the severe skin reaction that I thought was part of the treatment, wrong!
	A dramatic decrease in the level of depression and a great increase in a feeling of well-being and hope for the future.  There were also considerable cognitive benefits: thought processes speeded up, memory became stronger and intellectual creativity increased.  Also the constant fatigue that accompanied the depression decreased and this made possible an exercise program that increased energy and enjoyment of strenuous activities.  In addition my general and social anxiety decreased dramatically.	It takes some time to build up to a clinical dosage.  As I recall, my doctor had me take 15mg for a weak, 30mg for two weeks, 45mg for two weeks until I had built up to 75mg.  I did not begin to feel the antidepressant effect until I reached 45mg. When I reached 60mg the antidepressant effect had kicked in fully and I even experienced a period (two or three weeks) of a mild euphoria, which I have been told is fairly typical.  My doctor thought that a slow buildup of the drug in my system was the most effective treatment.  He also had me taking Lamictal (150mg per day), which he thought might spark a stronger reaction to Nardil.  There are also some diet restrictions: no aged cheeses and no aged meats.  Also, some cold medications must be avoided.
	increased CD4 count,and lower viral load.	one pill everynight at 9pm for as long as the treatment works, can be very long term.
	So far, I have experienced an uplift in mood and a dulling of anxious reactions and PMS symptoms.  I can't say it's all due to the Prozac, as I'm employing CBT methods, but my anxiety has not escalated into a full blown attack and I generally feel a lot better about life and about myself.  I'm still weighing if these benefits are worth all of the symptoms I'm experiencing.  It's been hard to maintain a positive outlook when I don't feel normal due to the trembling and tremoring.	I was prescribed Prozac for managing mild depression and anxiety attacks in conjunction with weekly counseling and cognitive behavorial therapy methods.  when the trembling and tremoring began, I went back to the counseling center to ask about them.  The psychiatrist had said some people react to Prozac in that fashion and that the side effects wane in time.  I also read that stimulating effects such as those were actually fairly common in Prozac users.  I go back to MY Psychiatrist in two days to discuss the effectiveness of the pill, the side effects I'm experiencing, and whether or not we should continue.
	This did nothing for my dry eyes, which cause me to have blurry vision at times.	This medication is very expensive.  Without insurance expect to pay between $270 - $300 for a month supply, depending on which pharmacy you use.  Even with insurance it costs me $68 a month.  If you read the insert that comes with the drops it states that clinical trials show only 15% of patients show improvement.  Had I read that BEFORE I wasted the money on 3 montjs worth of this stuff I wouldn't have even bothered.  Waste of money!
	none!!!	i started on 20mg pd then up to 40mg pd i feel the exact same as before i started taking them.
	Before taking Xyrem I had to take a daily nap to feel refreshed. I had vivid hallucinations and I had to control my emotions.I would also get up to use the restroom approximately 10 times at night. Since i started taking Xyrem, I stopped taking those daily naps, no more hallucinations and I am able to laugh;cry more with less muscle weakness. Eventhough I only sleep for 6-7 hours max, I wake up feeling refreshed.	I take my first dose (3.0 g) around 11 pm. take second dose around 3 am. I wake up like around 6 am. I want to stay in bed for more but cant. I am not sleepy. There are mornings were I am still feeling groggy, and by noon i would be okay to do my daily chores.
	I found tramadol quite effective before and after surgey to reconstruct my knee (acl).	100mg twice daily seems to work well for myself however if you can get away with taking co codamol i would recomend this first. co codamol worked wonders for me for the first 3 months however i soon built up a very high tolerance and was taking 60mg of codiene 4 times a day to get any effect hence the change to tramadol.
	For the most part, the pressure feeling I constantly had in my bladder went away.  Sometimes, especially in the middle of the night, the pressure would return slightly.  Instead of having to go to the bathroom 2-3 times during the night, I was able to only have to get up to urinate once a night.	I was prescribed it after a bladder infection, which was cleared up, lead to a pressure feeling in my bladder.  I take the medicine once a day.  I guess the medicine is slow releasing but once in a while I felt like I should take a dose earlier than prescribed.  I am also scheduled for physical therapy on the muscles of my bladder wall, but have not started them yet.  I did this kind of therapy 10 years ago when my bladder had this same pressure feeling and the therapy did help--I'm looking forward to starting it and hopefully getting off the medication.
	The acne cleared up for the most part for about 6 months to a year afterwards.  Then symptoms returned and there was no difference in the severity of the condition prior to treatment.	I was started off with a .5 mg dosage once a day then after two weeks twice a day then after that I was bumped up to 1.0 mg twice a day until 6 months of treatment was completed
	After 2 weeks of continue use, there is less breakouts. The comedone is open and also fast healing.	Brevoxyl was applied all over the acne area twice a day. Leaving on the skin for 15 minutes and then wash off with soap and water.
	The acne I had on my face in the t-zone area disappeared within a week.	I was directed to apply Differin to my face once per day after cleansing. I was directed to use as needed after the acne cleared up and discontinue the use of the product if irritation occurred.
	topamax was originally prescribed to eventually replace in part or totally the Elavil I was taking as sleep med.  Elavil and Effexor were thought to initiate cravings for carbohydrates that would lead to overeating and overweight.  I was taking 300mg Elavil each night.  The goal was to completely switch from Elavil to Topamax.  Topamax also had the added benefit of preventing migraines which I am prone to because of my hydrocephalis caused by a sub arachnoid cyst. I have a VP shunt	"The switch from elavil to topamax was slow and painful and not altogether successful, but I almost immediately experienced a 15lb weight loss as a result.



I was told to increase topamax in 25mg doses every week.  When excessive sedation was experienced, I was to cut back 50mg of Elavil.  I proceeded like this until i reached a topamax dose of 250mg and elavil 150mg, but I wasn't sleeping at night and my vision was blurred and my fingers tingled.  The doses were fine tuned to a comfort level of 150mg topamax and 225 elavil to this date.  Switching the effexor to cymbalta is the next phase, all in the name of decreasing the carbohydrate cravings....wish me luck!"
	Lower levels of sciatiaca pain. Light lifting of depression. Also helped slightly with anger	Severe depression from being molested. Severe back pain. Social withdrawal. I think agitation side effects are from stopping wellbutrin. I was addicted to morphine, percoset, xanax adipex and testoserone(inj). Psch now thinks I'm bipolar. Heard many terrible stories bout stopping cymbalta. Be careful with this one I felt better being on crazy strong cocktail of 180mg morphine, 100 mg of percos,2-200mg injections of testosteron, 60 mg of adipex and 6mg of xanax daily. Life sux now. Not used to having to control my temper. Never wanted to be a junkie but not sure its not better than tearing someones head off..literally!
	This drug after it reached therapeutic levels in my body resulted in a lifting of my depression. I was able to function in life in a more normal way. I "just felt like doing things". Before i was struggling to get things accomplished.	Made me feel jittery at first. Also excessive salivation. It took about 4 weeks for this to pass. Two months depression lifted.
	My skin dried up and the acne went away. This was extremely effective.	took 30 mg daily and had my blood work monitored frequently.
	The benefits to the treatment were that my anxiety was significantly decreased.  It took almost two months for the benefits to kick in, but when they did it was well worth it.  The depression also decreased significantly.  I'm not sure if that was due to the addition of Wellbutrin, or if the reduction in anxiety was so great as to reduce the depression.	10 mg of Lexapro (daily) was prescribed.  It was taken every day for nearly two years, in conjunction with check-ups with the prescribing psychiatrist every six months.  (The psychiatrist determined that the anxiety was due to a chemical imbalance and not situational.  Therefore, regular visits and/or therapy were not necessary.)  After two years on the medication, treatment ended due to inability to tolerate the side effects noted above.  During the weening process, severe dizziness occurred.  The only way to alleviate the dizziness was to take a Lexapro pill.  As the weening continued, dizziness occurred less often and longer periods of time elapsed before it was necessary to take another pill.  Eventually, the dizziness ceased completely.
	Stopped thinking that caused panic attacks and delusions. Helped me be able to parent effectively again.	Overall the drug is zombifying and has made me numb. Inability to work has lead to the worst side effect of all... poverty on the pension for me and my children.  I take 500mg Tegretol daily (mood stabiliser... the doctors don't like to see me cry or look angry).
	lowering high cholesterol	I have a family history of high cholesterol. And I have high cholesterol as well.  In order to reduce the high cholesterol readings down to normal levels for cholesterol, my health care physician prescribed cholesterol reducing drug.  We tried Zocor for a while.  However, when taking Zocor at 10 mg per day, I experience significant problems with impotence.  I reported this to the doctor and the doctor had not receive any feedback like this before.  My prescription for high cholesterol was changed to Lipitor.
	Swelling decreased. Itching stopped. Easy to calculate dosage. Familiarity of rx with patient and family.  IV push med. Rapid acting.	Gave IV anti histamines and steroids to stop allergic reaction to peanut. All meds were given IV push.
	Since this was an initial diagnosis of HSV 2 I do not know how effective it was as I have nothing to compare it to.  It is supposed to keep HSV 2 from erupting on the skin's surface or if it already has, it is supposed to reduce the duration of the lesions.	I was prescribed acyclovir for an initial diagnosis of HSV 2.  Initially one is supposed to take it 400mg 3x daily for 10 days.  I then chose to continue taking acyclovir as part of a "suppressive therapy" regimen.  At this time the dosing decreased to 400mg 2x daily.
	general gradual lowering of cholesterol levels over a period of twelve months	the prescribed lipitor was taken for cholesterol for 12 months at 30mg per day once eye irritaition started stopped taking the liptor and the irritation stopped started taking lipitor again and eye irritation returned
	I now lost 6 kg during 3 months and I can now wear my favorite dress without any hassles.	For the last 3 months that I intake Xenical, I feel the loose of my body, Even though I had this kind of side effects but I have to sacrifice just for my own sake. It's worth it! I love my body now! thanks to Xenical.
	I had become so severly depressed that I was incapable of holding a job.  My doctor had tried virtually all classifications of meds on the market but none were able to pull me out of the state I was in.  My world had become so dark I felt the sun would never shine again.  This med allowed me to function again within my family and within the working world.  I stopped crying all the time and was able to concentrate and perform the tasks necessary for employment.  I got my life back.	I simply applied one patch daily to any part of the "trunk" area of my body.  It was not a drug I had to be introduced to slowly or weaned off of.  I found that the lowest dose available was effective for me.  Each day before my shower the previous days patch was removed so the site area could be cleansed.  After my shower the new patch was applied in a different location.
	None (see next entry).	I started off on a dose of 1 x 500 mg enteric-coated tabs four times daily (the doctor's recommended test dose to see if I responded negatively to the drug), but when I tried to increase this to 2x 500 mg tabs four times daily after one week, the side effects I had been experiencing increased, so I dropped back. I tried one more time to increase the dose more gradually (2 x 500 mg in the morning; then 1 x 500 mg at lunch, dinner and bedtime), but even this became too unpleasant to put up with (especially since I didn't have these symptoms before I started!). I perservered for 6 weeks, before deciding to taper the dose to zero over a couple of weeks, after which the symptoms disappeared.
	After skin finally healed - treatment areas were improved.	I applied a pea size amount nightly to my face.  The gel was greasy and does not dry like a lightweight gel.  My RX Insurance did not cover any amount of the product - I had to pay full price for the prescription.
	Eliminated cystic acne	"I love the effectiveness of this drug but keep experimenting with timing of my dosage.

1) split dose of 25 mg in morning and 25 mg at night 

2) 50 mg dose in morning 

3) 50 mg dose at night



If I take 50 mg in the morning, I feel sleepy (perhaps due to dehydration -- need to drink more water and see if situation improves). 



If I take 50 mg at night, I get up to pee once, sometimes twice, during the night.  



25 mg twice per day seems like the worst of both worlds -- tired during the day and up to pee at night. 



Next experiment -- taking 50 mg with lunch and increasing water intake -- maybe I can be energetic in the morning at least!"
	I no longer have to rely on drug dealers to make it through the day. I went back to school, and I feel great about myself. I've also encouraged many friends, and even other family members to give it a try!	I'm thankful for the methadone clinic. I receive my dose in a cherry flavored liquid form. I had to temporarily switch clinics, and at the new clinic I was given pills diluted in warm water.I noticed that the pills helped my severe knee pain incredibly, it was gone. Now I have got back into my old clinic, with the liquid cherry dose, and my knee pain has returned X 10!! I can't understand it, I'm in so much pain  :(  Can anyone explain this?!?!!?! I'M LOST
	I found that the benefits of this drug were marginal at best. My heart rate decreased and I felt slightly less anxious but I still had a feeling of unease especially during social situations. Social situations felt only barely tolerable.  Though symptoms were minimized slightly it wasn't worth the side effects.	Treatment consisted of seeing a psychologist and psychiatrist and all though the psychologist was marginally helpful I eventually turned to meditation and found a lot more relief than through medication and talk therapy.The psychiatrist tried to help me changing dosage and medication every couple of months but I never felt much relief.
	There was a slight softening of the verticle wrinkles between my eyebrows, or "11" lines, but not the degree of change I was looking for, or had been suggested was possible by my physician, even after the second treatment.	Injections were adminsitered by a board certified opthamologist and plastic surgeon who has specal training with this product and instructs other physiians in its use.  She couldnot explain my poor outcome other than to say I had very reisistant muscles and the furrowing was very deep.
	The fluticasone propionate shrinks the polyps when used as directed. The smaller the polyps the better one can breath; also the irritation from the polyps is reduced.	Fluticasone propionate is useful for shrinking and maintaining a smaller size of polyp when used regularly. One must stay on the spray though to maintain an improvement. It is an alternative to surgery.
	Hard to judge whether or not it was actually reducing the inflammation.  I was taking it while undergoing physical therapy which seemed at times to exacerbate the pain from the whiplash.	My dotor precribed this for treatment of whiplash follwing a car accident.I was doing physical therapy exercises twice a week and taking 1 Mobic pill, 2X daily with food.
	I had been on Quasense (a generic for a different type of extended BC) and liked it a lot but I noticed when I would go off the pill (for period) I would get extreme migraines when my hormones fluctuated.  Switched to Seasonique since there are hormones in the last week of pills which my doctor thought might reduce headaches.  Nope.  After the first three months I had my period and had the same terrible migraines.  I gave it three more months but had the same results.  The good news?  Not pregnant.	One pill a day at the same time each day.
	As having surgery, my mounth experienced excruiating pain. I was without them for 3 hours. These seemed like the worst day of my life. After taking the pills I noticed one of two things occured. One, the pain was gone soon after taking them. Two, I became extremely tired. First I thought that it was only like this because I just had surgery, but no. It seemed as though everytime I taken a pill I needed a nap soon after. Don't get me wrong, I would rather have a nap and be painless then to be awake throughout the entire day and experience that pain. This stayed this way for the entire time that I was on Lortab.	The pill did wonders for the pain. When I took them I recieved results within 10-20mins. They also lasted a moderate amount of time to deal with the pain as well. They do become somewhat "addicting". So I tried to take 1000 - 1200mg of Ibuprofen to compensate for the Lortab. However, when your in a lot of pain, Ibuprofen just doesnt to seem to deliever the results that Lortab could provide.
	I really don't know if there are any, since I'm taking it prophylactically.	Taking it to prevent infection after dental implant surgery.
	in taking finasteride 2.5mg per day for six months i noticed an increase in hair growth of new hairs and existing ones. most of the increased hair growth was in the crown region of the head. There was an increase  of hair growth of the front hair line, but it was not substantial. My hair also grew at a faster rate than normal.	The treatment details were the oral intake of finasteride. I obtained it in the 5mg form known as proscar. I would cut the tablet in half to get a 2.5mg dosage. I took 2.5mg of finasteride every day at night before i went to sleep. If i missed a dosage i waited for the next day to take the next dosage. Taking the whole 5mg dosage per day in my opinion would be to high a dosage. The side effects would increase.
	"the treatment reduced the following symptoms of depression: apathy, lack of

interest in daily activities, passive suicidal ideation, loss of energy."	"the treatment was started two years ago and was intially very effective.

despite causing augmentation of restless legs and inducing weekly migraines

a decision was to stay on the medication and treat the side effects. over

time the antidepressant effects waned but the side effects continued so I

am slowly being withdrawn from the effexor. the seroquel has had side effects

as well."
	More energy, better mood, increase sexual desire (which was very low).	I've been taking Duloxetina (Cymbalta) 60mg for 2 years now. It helps with my mood but it doesn't take all the depression sympthoms away.
	Severe debilitating pain  associated with inflammation and joint pain through out the body is alleviated, enabling more normal living.  eg being able to do all housework tasks, gardening, running around and picking up grandchildren, enjoying social life plus taking part in daily fitness activities.	Always only take the medication with meals so as to minimize the likelihood of the stomach being affected.
	Effexor was very effective at alleviating my symptoms of depression.  My mood improved dramatically, I felt happy and engaged in life again.  It also worked fairly quickly.  I began feeling the effects within the first week.	My physician started me out on 37.5mg/day for 1 week then increased the dosage to 75mg/day for another week and, finally, to 150mg/day.  After taking 150mg/day for about a week, I felt it was too much...my heart was always racing, I couldn't sleep, and I generally just felt "nervous".  My physician dropped my dosage back to 75mg/day and that seemed to work best for me.  I absolutely feel that the Effexor helped lift my depression.  However, I eventually chose to stop taking it because of the sexual side effects.  After being on Effexor for about a year, I both wanted and needed to have a healthy sexual relationship with my husband again.  I dropped the dosage back to 37.5mg/day for a week, then one every other day for about another week before stopping altogether.  I don't recall having any "withdrawal" symptoms.  Within a few days of the last dose, all sexual functions were back.
	None - No pain relief	My doctor switched me to another pain reliever which worked.
	The benefits of amoxicillin were that it did help clear the infection, it seemed to help my acne, also.  I noticed it working within about four days.  I only had to take it for a week.  It did not taste bad.  It did not make me foggy headed.	The amoxicillin was given in 500mg pill form 3 times daily for one week. It was inconvenient to have to take the medicine every 8 hours, but the physician recommended this time frame in order to keep the blood levels at a helpful level.  It meant having to wake up in the middle of the night to take it.
	my migraines would always leave after taking imitrex or sumatriptan and then if taken at night i could go back to sleep and sleep through the night and wake feeling just fine.	the optimum time for the shot is at bedtime and this is when I would take the shot and immediately lie down. my heart would race just after taking the shot and i would feel pain shooting through my body. but i have always found that the headace left EXCEPT if i had the shots too close together in that this seemed to stir up the headache for some reason.
	Once the side effects wore off, I was left with much smoother skin, and less acne.  I noticed a reduction in fine lines and wrinkles, and an overall better texture to my skin.	apply small amount to affected area once daily.  apply in circular motion until fully absorbed
	Remission of Crohn's Disease.  Remission included normal bowel movenments from about 15/day to 1 or 2 per day. Cramps associated with diarrhea have disappeared. Increased energy, feeling active and generally feeling better.  Endoscopy was done at one point after the treatment and there was indication of only very mild disease so basically remission was achieved according to my gastroenterologist.	"The new treatment schedule started with 50 qam for 1 week.  Decrease to 40 mg for a week, and then slowly keep decreasing by 5 mg daily, for a week at a time, until finished. Usually takes about a month. I only needed to take prednisone about once a year when flare-ups occurred. 

Remission periods between flareups became further and further apart as I became older, often years, so I am no longer osteopenic as a result."
	None apparent during treatment.	Rinsed mouth vigorously with solution, refrained from eating, drinking, brushing, etc for 1/2 hour after use.  Used twice per day.  After side effects noted, irrigated only some areas of mouth.  Discontinued when sores persisted.
	Not much at all for what I had going on	"I was going to include here that if anyone is ever taking an antibiotic or drug that was prescribed to them and they experience any hives, vomiting, or rash of any kind they should cease taking that drug as they most likely are ALLERGIC TO IT. Always read your instructions you get with your prescription that the pharmacy gives you.



HIVES, or RASH ALL OVER BODY

NAUSEA WITH VOMITING 



STOP taking drug as you are most likely allergic to it and cannot take it!!"
	Lamictal stopped my seizures as well as Epilim, but it gave me a considerate amount of energy.  Some would see it as a benefit to not have an appetite, even though it's bad for your health to not eat.  My depression went away with Lamictal.  Even when I had an appetite I still wouldn't eat much, which helped me greatly, since Epilim gave me terrible cravings.	I was on Epilim for a few months, but went over to Epitec (Lamictal) because Epilim made me very tired and depressed.  Apparently Epitec was the tablet with the least side-effects.
	I noticed firmer, more toned skin and a decrease in the appearance of fine lines on my face, especially around the eye area.	I was prescribed Tazorac after requesting a Retinol treatment from my doctor. I initially asked for Retin-A, but she suggested Tazorac as it was better suited for my skin type. (Fair, sensitive skin). I initially used the cream every night, but decreased to 3 times a week after experiencing dryness and peeling. I also felt a burning sensation after applying the cream, but this too has subsided.
	Some relief from social anxiety. Really, no other benefits were found.	I was to take the medication to help with social anxiety. I was to take the pill once a day.
	The drug worked exactly as prescribed; my anxiety was reduced. Heart palpitations were lessened in frequency and running thoughts were ceased. I was able to fall asleep more quickly because I wasn't as consumed by worries. In fact, I found myself able to do things that before I wasn't able of doing, like having conversations with irritating family members.	I was given a RX and I took one pill once a day for three months. I then stopped treatment because I realized I would rather have a good amount of anxiety than be depressed walking around. I have anxiety, but I'm a basically happy person.
	The treatment cleared up papules and pustules (not completely, but significantly) and decreased redness in the face.	Eventually stopped taking Oracea because of the yeast infections. The long-term use of this and other antibiotics seems to have affected my immune system negatively.
	There was no chance of pregancy because i lost 100 percent of my libido. My skin cleared up for the most part.	I was given this to prevent pregnancy and i am going off because i'd rather have a child and an orgasm than no child and no orgasm
	There was a small reduction in my hot flashes but the side effect was bothering me too much to stay on the patch longer to see if it would have totally eliminated them over time.	The doctor thought I should try the patch because it would bypass my liver. I have been taking pills for eight years and didn't really have any side effects - so I returned to my original treatment of estradiol and provera.
	my skin appeared smoother after an initial rough period with the start up of the product...fine lines seem to diminish and overall my skin seemed less sallow and more even toned....although, because of the continuing side effects it's difficult to stick with a consistent application	At first I applied a dime sized amount to my face every other day. I would wash my face and wait 10 minutes so the skin was completely dry for application. I applied the cream to the cheek area and spread outward trying to avoid the sensitive corners of the mouth, nose & eyes. I decreased the amount when I began to get some peeling and then took a break from treatment when I got obvious irritation. At this point, the treatment has to be on and off a schedule to avoid the side effects.
	There were no noticable changes with selegiline, it was prescribed to help focus and attention for TBI.	take two and half tablets in the morning for two weekds then three tablets for two weeks then increas to 3.5 each morning (5mg)tabs
	The main benefit is the ability of the drug to reduce, even eliminate the panic attacks. The general mood is positively improved.	I just take one 20 mg pill at night. Medical check-up once a year including lab tests.
	none	I have recurrent major depression. This medication was prescribed to deal with a severe episode. When I stopped taking the medication after at least a year, my memory rapidly improved and I felt more alive.  I had a very bad experience with this drug.
	Adderall helps to clear my mind. It helps me finish work that I have already begun. It also reduces anxiety in social situations.	Started with Celexa to treat anxiety/depression, then was diagnosed with adult ADHD, and started on Adderall. Abused Adderall for about a year (sometimes taking up to 120mg per day), but eventually returned to 30 mg.
	Most often the diazepam got me to sleep fairly quickly but did not last the whole night through.  The liquid capsules were then superceded by tablets which usually took about twice as long to kick in.  ie, 40 mins instead of 20. The benefit was there if I was unable to sleep otherwise but a benzo sleep is not natural and feels different to real sleep.	Taking a pill to get to sleep.
	"less astma attacks 

do more excerie without getting tired to quick

focus more"	\take 5mg a day for as long as your doctors think you have improved,if not continue as long as you get better ......................................................................................................................................................
	Truly allows me to function.  I work in a mentally demanding and stressful job.  Without this medication, I would not be able to work, let alone do much of anything else.	I take the Oxycontin three times a day - morning, lunch and dinner.  It is recommended to take on a full stomach, though I've never noticed an issue when I haven't.  If I take my regular dose one to two hours after it's due, my back pain is very severe, so I know it's working.
	There were no benefits.  It did not solve the organic issues and created new problems.	I began taking Celexa after Lexapro made me sleepy and hungry.  The Lexapro did indeed calm my anxieties.  It was thought that an isomer of Lexapro might be better tolerated.  This was not the case, and now I am off all medications for a short period to re-evaluate my baseline needs.
	the drug permanently cleared my acne.  i no longer had breakouts...not even blackheads.  my skin was very dry which i suppose for someone with oily skin this would have been a benefit.	i was prescribed 10mg of sotret once a day for 4 months in addition to being on orthotricylcen lo birth control pills as part of the pregnancy prevention program agreement.  i was to undergo a monthly blood test and see my dermatologist to assess how my body was tolerating the drug and whether i was improving or not.
	The drug helped relieve the anxiety from worrying about the sudden return of the rapid heartbeat episode that happened at work without warning and under no stress. I was worrying that it would occur again at night while alone or sleeping.	After suffering an exreme onset of a rapid heartbeat at work (it started while I was laughing, believe it or not) I saw a cardiologist who determined that there was nothing physically wrong with me, however I started having problems relaxing and sleeping at night for fear the condition would suddenly return without warning while alone or sleeping (I thought it might lead to a heartattack!).  The doctor gave me a prescription for Zanax which helped, but caused the undesireable side effect.  The condition never occured again.
	helped improve mood, and made me more sociable and able to participate in treatment	I took 60mg for severe depression & anxiety.  However, after 1 year, I decided to quit taking due to the sexual side effects.  So far I just take wellbutrin for depression & am doing well.
	Produced considerable clarity in my skin and cleared up deep acne without scarring.	I took an oral dose of acutane along with the facial creme, Micro-A tretinoin to dry up the oil my face was producing.  It was a highly effective treatment plan that resulted in long term acne relief.
	I have good relief of sneezing, dripping nose, chesty cough, dry throat until a couple of months ago	I was prescribed one tablet daily along with eye drops and a nasal spray, over seven years ago.
	Migraine aborted with 1 hour; works on alcohol induced headaches	None
	It did help me sleep	I had been suffering for extreme insomnia for two weeks.  My doctor prescribed Lunesta to help me resume a normal sleep cycle.  It did help me sleep, but I was very groggy the next day.  Maybe the dosage was too high.
	Initilly uplift in mood and sensory clarity	Initial weaning onto medication, then basically tweaking med as observed by practictioner with therapy. I decided to end the medication as it was not doing anything as a life benefit. this medication simply masks symptoms so that the patient "feels" functional.And most importantly, I no longer trusted it. I also now believe that DSM diagnois, as used in the general public (myself included) excuses inept doctors from forming medical diagnosis, doing the investigative work and testing to EXCLUDE biological conditions. Why do I think this? My 14 year old daughter "mentally crashed" and it was her thyroid, which affects among other organs THE BRAIN. My thyroid tests has been flucuating, but, since the medical doctor stated " I don't know if I should treat you for hyper or hypothyroid....I got dumped into DSM and prozac. A travesty.
	Decreased appetite/impulse or emotional eating, stress reduction, anti depressant	I believe that the topamax has helped me to lose 90 pounds of excess weight - I still need to lose at least another 50 pounds.    It helped stabalize my moods and I didn't feel so sad and depressed after going through an abusive marriage/separation then divorce.  My psychiatrist prescribed Topamax during that time.   Then I was able to discontinue treatment for about 2 years.   I then had an accident, where I was then diagnosed with PTSD and fibromyalgia as a result of the accident and have since been on Topamax for two years steady since the accident.   I have lost the weight in the last 16 months.
	I started with a 150 mg dose and that did next to nothing. I recently increased to 300 mg and then I really started to feel better. I felt kind of hyper and for the first time in ages was able to go back to my gym routine. I noticed a decrease in appetite which in my case is great as I have about 20 lbs to lose. This drug definitely helped with my feelings of worthlessness and failure and with the crying spells.	I'm really loving the increase in energy and the lifting of the black cloud, but sometimes I feel a little spinny. Since increasing the doseage I've noticed I've been doing more stupid things than normal, like almost backing up into a truck that I knew was there!!??
	i do not take as long now to get to sleep where i used to lay awake most of the night tossing and turning i do feel more relaxed as  i now can go on short jorneys on my own which i could not before they have helped me through	50mg 1 to take at night
	after taking 30mg for 4 days i realized in the middle of the night that i no longer had any pain any where in my body. before my whole body hurt. i'm thinking i must have had fibromyalgia. i still have no pain and therefore am able to move about more easily. i'm hoping this will last. i can't remember a time in my life when i had no pain. i also noticed that my hot flashes have all but deminished.	i started on 30mg once a day. i take it at night when i go to bed otherwise it gives me restless legs. after 2 weeks i started on 60mg. that has only been 2 days so i don't know how that is going to affect me yet. i do feel a little more light hearted.
	A substantial improvement in mood was noticed within a week, hence the quick effect was very beneficial. The medication certainly made life much more enjoyable and enabled me to cope with general situations much better. Reduced general irritability.  I took this medication during two pregnancies and found no ill effects of the new borns.	I commenced this treatment due to clinical depression. I started off at a dose of 20mg a day and after initial improvement found that I needed an increase in the dose to 40mg per day. This seems to work more effectively for me. I became pregnant after approximately 10 months on the medication. I continued on with the same dose throughout the entire pregnancy. I did not breast feed. I then became pregnant very quickly again and continued on the medication for this pregnancy as well. Once again I did not breast feed. I have at times reduced my dose to 20mg which has been fine, however if I suffer a depressive episode I increase it to 40mg and generally find this is what I need to stay on.
	I was able to control my addiction and not have to depend on pills to get through the day	i started off taking approx 130mg in about 7 yrs and have now reached 65mg in my 8th yr off taking methadone.  it has helped me to be a normal person again and no spend my day trying to find the next pill.
	One thing that Clomid does is aids in maturing the eggs.. many women ovulate, but the eggs that are released aren't reaching "full maturity" beforehand. An egg that isn't "mature" usually cannot be fertilized...this was part of my case (Clomid certainly does other things to aid in getting pregnant and ovulating, etc). I took Clomid for YEARS. Conceived my daughter on Clomid the first month (she's now 13 yrs old), but also took it for years after that with no luck....eventually got pg with no outside help.	My starting Clomid dose was 50 mg once daily for five days. The Clomid dosage was increased to 100 mg and ovulation occured. My doctor will helped me to determine that ovulation has occurred using an ultrasound.
	I gave up smoking fo four months after taking Zyban for 10 weeks	I took Zyban for 10 days before my quit day, then quit smoking and continued with the Zyban for a further 8 weeks. During that time I smoked on three or four occasions, mostly part of my husband's cigarette. I was really pleased with how I had done, and thought I had finally managed to kick the habit. But on holiday with a lot of smokers I gave in and smoked, thinking I would stop again when I got home - unfortunately that didn't happen.
	The benefits I received from treatment with this Unihroid drug was that my thyroid hormone levels fell back within normal range according to the many thyroid hormone profile blood tests, TSH, T3 etc. which was ordered by thyroid specialist. Another benefit from Unithroid drug was that the goiter which I had developed prior to Unithroid treatment which had become increasingly larger had finally gone down to the point that my neck actually looked normal again.	Not sure theres much to describe. I had a noticeable goiter and went to get it checked. My previous thyroid doctor gave me an iodine uptake scan, took my bloodwork and diagnosed me with Hashimotos disease. Thyroid doctor said the best thing was to let my thyroid burn itself out and then he would put me on thyroid medicine, something I now feel was a mistake and should not have been done. Per my initial thyroid doctor, Hashimotos is sometimes hard to stabilize, thus, the Unithroid drug dosage I initially received .75 mcg had to be re-adjusted several times during the first year in order to stabilize my thyroid levels. Dosage was increased to 100 mcg. then to 125 mcg. then increased to 150 mcg. At some point, during these adjustments I went to another thyroid doctor who prescribed the T3 drug called Cytomel which gave me violent heart palpitations and I was taken off of this drug. The last Unithroid prescription dosage re-adustment I was given was for 150 mcg. 1xday 6 days wk with 1/2 dosage to be taken on Sundays. Medication to be taken on an empty stomach every morning. Last year, my body became Toxic to the Unithroid as I hadn't been to see the doctor in a while and had to be taken off the medication entirely for several days. Was restarted at a low dose of 50 mcg. because the toxicity had caused my pulse to race abnormally interupting my daily activities. This dosage was gradually increased I am now being treated with a Unithroid dosage of 125 mcg. For whatever reason, this survey is being taken, it would be a blessing to myself and so many others if for once someone would develop a natural alternative to drugs like Unithroid, Synthroid etc. other than the natural alternatives on the market that are derived from Pigs glands considering more people than not today do not intake pork products of any kind.
	"I started taking Tirosint 125mcg 6 weeks ago due to a gluten and caseine allergy. I previously was taking synthroid however, the company couldnt verify the inactive ingredients. So to avoid gluten, caseine, and some really nasty anxiety symptms I switched to the Tirosint. 



The anxiety symptoms subsided from 1 attack per day to none. This was great!, but then new symptoms started after three weeks."	"125 mcg Tirosint per day and doubled on Sat and Sun. 



Listen to your body and be persistent with your doctors."
	With proper administration I never feel too many side effects associated with hormonal imbalances.  I also use it as my primary source of birth control have never become pregnant.  Even during months that I failed to take it at the same time every day, I did not become pregnant.  The pill is super tiny and easy to swallow.	The treatment is relatively simple and safe.  It is also supposed to decrease your chance of cervical cancer.  Take one pill each day and there is a 99 percent chance of not getting pregnant.  However, you can increase your risk of blood clotting if you are a smoker.  You highly advised to be smoke free throughout treatment.  Once treatment stops you must seek another form of birth control.
	Reversal of hair loss. To stop hair loss before it becomes noticable. I still have most of my hair and am using this drug as a preventative measure.	I take Propecia once per day to stop hair loss at the crown. I've been on it for 3 months and have noticed much less hair falling out.
	It has helped greatly with my depression. I had taken Wellburin for years and it stopped working. Pristiq has helped get my life back.	Feeling better
	the medication did not benefit my shoulder pain at all.  The orthopedic doctor felt it would eventually kick in, but for me, it never did and didn't do anything to help.  It had adverse affects.  He was a very caring doctor who was trying to lessen the severe pain I experienced.	the treatment was for a frozen shoulder.  I had a lot of pain and could not sleep at night on my back or side. I could only sleep sitting up for a few hours at a time. It was hard to move.  Physical therapy eventually helped and taking Tylenol products.  I had many sleepless nights.  I went off the medication after three weeks since the effects for me were not helpful and had terrible side effects.
	Significant remission from a major depressive disorder that had been present throughout childhood and into my adult life. One day I just could not get out of bed - the depression was so bad that my father took me to the doctor who handed me a sample pack provided to him by a drug rep. The Effexor was a life saving medication.	I did experience some  taking ignificant side effects as a result of taking effexor. THese included major sexual disfunction, chrinic tireness, apathy  and a numb state of being. I felt that the medication made me feel like I was just zombing through work and social life. I did not have a sex drive and found that I did not have any motivation to pursue sexual encounters.
	Apparantly this drug helps to use the sugars be of use to the body, so my sugar levels went down.	took the pills as prescribed, worked through the nausea and got on with it.
	The main benefits were absolutely no pregnancy and no menstrual cycles.	I started depo-provera when I was 15 years old and continued treatment for five years and then stopped treatment at the suggestion of my doctor to take a break from it.  During the first ive years on depo, I had no adverse effects I maintained a constant weight of 112-1/2 pounds throughout the entire five years.  I started depo again at the age of 23 and was fine and maintained a constant weight until they switched me to the generic version at the age of 27 from that point on I struggled with constant hunger rapid weight gain and struggling to keep it under control, acne is another of the side effects I experienced after the switch to generic and depression.  The depression could be the result of fluxuating weight and acne or heredity.  I stopped depo treatment and switched to the copper IUD in November of 2007 and since then the constant hunger has stopped, I have already lost 10 pounds without really trying and the acne is beginning to decrease.  I still am receiving treatment for depression at the moment.  Hopefully, this will help you in your birth control decision.
	mood improved slightly, mental energy increased slightly, but felt different than from a stimulant such as caffeine.	I have a "slow" brain. Specifically I have what soem researchers refer to as "sluggish cognitive tempo". Taking a drug that has some dopaminergic activity could theoretically improve certain parts of the symptomology.
	I experienced a Reduction in my chronic pain by about  fifty per cent once i was takiing the maximum dose of 300mg twice per day.I have this chronic pain for the past 19 years and have tried everything.  This is the first time that anything has made any difference.	I started on 50 mg twice daily and I was got no reduction in pain, my doctor gradually increased the dose to 300mg twice daily. Once I was on the maximum dose, I started to experience some dizziness etc as outlined above.  However some of the  Side effects became less obvious after about 6 weeks on the maximum dose.  It was worth it because I was feeling a reduction in my pain levels for the first time in 19 years
	Less aggrivation,less anxiety,less worrying,less overall depression.	I have had post-partum depression severely with each of my children.(I have 3.) In addition to the Bi-Polar disorder I have lived with most of my life. The post-partum is very scary.I knew before my 3rd child was born what I would be in for,so I was ready this time and armed with Wellbutrin.It is definitely not a cure-all, more like a bandaid,but the bandaid helped get us through the last 8 months,while being more able to work on the root of the problems through counseling.
	Releived moderate depression initially, and helped with anger and irritability control.	Started on 20 mg dose for 2 weeks, then increased to 40 mg.  After 4 months the benefits decreased dramatically so switched to another drug, bupropion, but still taking 20 mg of fluoxetine daily.
	The "head made of air" feeling I tend to have goes away:I become more attentive, much more aware of my surroundings, feel much more grounded in the "here/now", and much better able to focus. My mind stops trying to jump from one subject to another every second; memory retention/recall improves DRAMATICALLY. I also find it FAR easier to fall asleep at night, seem to sleep better, and seem to be far more emotionally stable. I also do not "crash" from it later in the day like my former (stimulant) meds. Also does not appear to be physically addictive.	Best way I've discovered to eliminate the side effects is to eat a protein-rich breakfast (usually egg/ham/cheese sandwich for me), then WAIT for at least a few minutes -anywhere from 15 to 60 or more- before taking the medication. Seems to retain efficacy, COMPLETELY eliminate stomach problems and GREATLY reduce grogginess -though that also seems to be partly dependent on how much sleep I get (minimum of 6 hours, preferably 8 or 9). Now that I discovered this trick, I am feeling MUCH better and no longer considering abandoning the medication! I like that it helps with sleeping quality on top of helping me focus, remember, and feel more aware of surroundings. Would cry now if I had to go back to not using it - I almost can't function without medication, and the non-stimulant allows me to sleep SO much better and I do not "crash" from it!
	Helped me to eat, not think when I wanted to shut off.  Helped me sleep. a bit of false happiness for moments aw-well.	To blanace my bi-polar, level 5 and help me to sleep.   Helped to come off other drugs too.
	I love imitrex, I could not get by as I have severe Migraines to where I can not function. Some time I will take up with one, but try to catch one if I feel it coming on.  It usally takes me about 45 minutes to and hour with tablets and 5 to 10 minutes with the injections. It is a wonderful drug. I use the generic tablets, cause they are a little cheaper with my insurance	Treatment, self explainatory, I feel better with the imitrex and do not know how I could get by without it.
	I might as well have not taken it at all. I noticed no difference in trying to achieve an erection than without it. When erection was achieved it went away quickly. The strength of erection was minimal. Not impressed at all.	The only thing this pill gave me was strong flu-like symptoms. I'll try it again and see if the results are better but so far I'm not impressed at all and $80 in the hole. Complete waste of money and suffered flu symptoms the entire next day. It's very difficult to be in the mood for sex when you feel sick with a throbbing headache.
	None. made me sick to my stomach.	will need to go back to dr. for another perscription. It's my fault..should never have agreed to take something new.  Had simialr reaction to Augmentin.
	the treatment benefits was that the skin irritation did go away for awhile. I thought that I had been cured of the skin rash. It cleared my skin up and gave me relief from the rash.	I saw a few dermatologists and each one told me to use it twice daily. I was even given different forms. One a cream and the other a foam.  I was also informed to use them for two weeks and then stop. I did, and when I stopped my rash slowly started coming back.
	By using this treatment a minimum of every other day, I noted that the lines around the eyes (crows feet)were diminished greatly. Also, the skin tone feels tighter and my pores appear smaller. I have, at times, gone off of the cream for a few weeks at a time, particularly during the summmer when the Florida sun is at its most intense.	Retin A is a simple topical application to use.  I use it sparingly, minimum every other day, on my face and neck. I plan to continue using this product as part of my anti-aging regimine.
	My depression was significantly alleviated.  I would still feel bad somtimes, but it never again felt like true depresion.  It was like there was some "padding" between me and the bad feelings.	I have a long history of depression but had never taken medication for it.  I asked my doctor to prescribe Prozac.  For the first week I felt the same, but I slept almost 24/7 and barely ate. After that I did get a significant relief from the depression.  Unfortunately, as I noted above, I don't like the way I acted during that time, and still cringe with embarassment and/or regret over things I said and did.  But at the time everything seemed so rosy, that none of my behavior bothered me.  Unfortunately, life is not perfect, and as adults we must take things seriously and deal with them.  Prozac kept me from acknowledging that.  Looking back, if I had faced my depression head on, and let it inspire me to make real changes in my life I would have been a lot better off in the long run.
	my nausea went from debilitating to managable-after a few days i saw even better results- although the initial results weren't as strong-there was some relief  almost immediately-within the first 12 hours.....i pretty much stopped throwing up-after throwing up 1-7x everyday for 8 weeks...i still threw up a few times every few weeks-but nothing like before..i was able to drink more water and therefore be more hydrated after i started taking it...i was able to eat much more of a variety of food as well.	"it came in 4mg tablets that dissolved under my tounge.

at first i took it every 6 hours and by the 4th or 5th hour i could feel it wearing off-i would wait until the 6th hour to take it again-sometimes i would be counting the minutes unti i could take the next one--over time (as my pregnancy went on) i needed to take it less and less- i would then take first thing in the a.m. and on a need be basis if at all for the rest of the day"
	this is an HRT product that was given in order to alleviate hot flashes and night sweats. The first two days there was no any effect, but after three days the hot flashes started to fade out and then eventually gone. At the same the problem with night sweats also was alleviated.	One tablet was used every evening with meals. After three days hot flashes were gone. On the 10th day vaginal bleeding started, which did not stop for 2 weeks until OC were used.
	Calmed racing mind (caused by stress and depression) and allowed a restful night's sleep.  Cleared the mind completely, did not dream at night, and did not wake during the night.	Prescribed to be taken nightly as needed.  Originally prescribed 20 mg, increasing to 40 mg, and potentially increasing to 60 mg if needed for a 135 lb woman.  Intended to be taken for a few months, but due to grogginess and difficulty focusing, stopped using it after 3 weeks.
	no visible benefits	Was to apply Tri-Luma 3x per day to upper lip region with dermal melasma.  Treatment caused side effects that were very unbecoming and very uncomfortable, so I stopped application after two weeks of discomfort with no apparent results in the lightening of the melasma.
	Niaspan helped reduce bad cholesterol and improve Triglycerides	"started dosage at 500MG worked up to 1500 but if I missed a dose i would drop back down to lower dosage to avoid flushing. I found it hard to stay at the 1500 range without severe flushing and itching and it would happen randomly no matter what even when i took aspirin and ate before taking.

Stopped for awhile and am now back on as my numbers have gone up again on bad Cholesterol and I do not want to take statins as I have no other makers yet for heart disease"
	Imitrex usually reduced the headache severity, if I was able to take it at the first sign of a headache. If I took it later, Imitrex might help somewhat but often not enough.	I built up an immunity to the effects of Imitrex. I took them more often and needed to take more of them. I was eventually taking nearly 3 per day. It was extremely expensive, and the bigger issue is that such a high dosage isn't good long term. It was hell breaking the addiction!
	Reduced acne.  I had mild/moderate acne, and Retin-A did decrease the amount of ance I had.  I liked Retin-A also because it reduces wrinkles.  I am only 28, so I don't have many wrinkles, but used it as prevention.	I would apply Retin-A to my face once a day at night
	Lyrica really helped my pinched nerves and radicuopathy in my legs. I would go to bed in terrible pain and sometimes couldn't even lie down because my lower back and legs would cause me so much discomfort. When I woke up I couldn't feel my legs and could barely walk. Lyrica makes it easy and painless to sleep and in the morning I can walk and drive without worrying if my legs will go numb.	Take as recommended by your doctor.
	Clearing of acne.	Had severe cystic acne.  Went to dermatologist and received prescription for Accutane.  Took 100 mg (?) once daily.  Had check ups once a month and blood drawn once a month to check for any possible adverse effects.  Did have raised triglycerides due to treatment.  Acne began clearing halfway through treatment.  Skin looked wonderful once treatment was completed!
	none. I only took the prescription for 1 day	The erythromicin was changed to amoxycillin, which I used safely and effectively for 5 to seven days and experience complete relief from symptoms of the bladder infection for which I was being treated.
	reduced inflammation, swelling and pain on the in-side of left knee area	"My doctor prescribed celebrex to treat an injury i sustained while playing tennis. i damaged soft tissue ligaments/muscle tissue to the in-side of the knee, which became heavily swollen, painful and inflamed.

I was prescribed this drug as I am allergic to Ibuprofen based pain killers.



Initially I experienced slight tingling and intermittent dull ache to areas around the side, uppersides and rear of the cranium.

It felt like pulsing which lasted about 2 seconds before fading away. and continued the cycle ranging from 1 minute to 20 minutes in duration at different times of the day. this occured a day into starting treatment.

This gradually faded away within a week but came back weeks after stopping treatment. eventually subsided after a month or so."
	I didn't feel that it was beneficial but the cough and yellow phelgm production lead me believe my bronchitis was bacterial therefore i had my doctor prescribe an antibiotic.  the one would not have been my choice for a respiratory issue.	I was to take 2 tablets the first day and then one a day for 6 days.  after the fifth day my congestion/phlegm was clear so i stopped the medication.  i continued to have the irritating bronchitis wheezey cough.  so now i'm not sure the antibiotic really helped.
	The medication helped the patient focus on daily activities and think more clearly. It also eased the patient's nervous 'fidgeting'.	"The patient was diagnosed with ADHD after describing a pattern of focus, memory and affect regulation problems she had experienced consistently since early childhood. The patient was given an initial prescription for Adderall XR in a 20 mg/day dose. The patient experienced an immediate improvement in her condition, which lasted for nearly three months. At three months, the patient described a waning of the positive effects of the medication but e reticence to increase the dosage without first pursuing other modes of treatment. 



After six months of treatment the patient, who had also begun behavioral counseling, agreed to increase her dosage to 30 mg/day. She has reported some increase in treatment side-effects but is generally pleased with the medication's positive effects."
	---	---
	The drug Micardis did seem to alleviate my high blood pressure to some degree though definitely not entirely.  My blood pressure is still higher than I or my doctor would like it to be. At the moment it averages about 140 over 90 but it was 180 over 110. Therefore I would say it was somewhat efficacious. It also alleviated some headaches that I assume were blood pressure related.	I take Micardis in pill form once daily.
