The antibiotic may have destroyed bacteria causing my sinus infection.  But it may also have been caused by a virus, so its hard to say.	Some back pain, some nauseau.	Took the antibiotics for 14 days. Sinus infection was gone after the 6th day.
"Lamictal stabilized my serious mood swings. One minute I was clawing up the walls in pure mania, the next curled up in a fetal position on my bed contemplating suicdie. I am no longer at the whim of my moods and neither are those around me. I'm lucky that I started pharmaceuticals almost immediately after I was diagnosed a bipolar. Lamictal gives me amazing clarity to go about my day, honestly assess myself and form real relationships. Lamitcal lifted a fog, I guess you could call it. Now that I'm medicated I realize how cloudy my thought processes used to be. It's a wonderful feeling.



Interestingly, I hardly dreamt before beginning Lamictal. I would dream (I mean dream in the sense of being able to imagine pictures and scenes while asleep, not REM) maybe once every two months. Now I dream every night. I found that the closer I take it to bedtime the more frequent and more intense my dreams."	"Drowsiness, a bit of mental numbness. If you take too much, you will feel sedated. Since you have to be able to clearly and honestly assess your emotions and thoughts, determining how much medication you need is tough. I found that 400mg works perfectly for me, but that's a high dose. Less than that and I can feel the medicine wearing off prematurely (I like it to last 24hrs, from sleep to sleep). More than that and I feel numb. Some might call it drowsiness, but it's more a sluggishness of the mind for me.



Before I began treating my bipolar disorder, I used to write a fair amount of fiction. It sort of flowed from me. I definitely had the artist's temperament. After Lamictal, though, that inherent creativity fizzled out. It doesn't come spilling out of me while I'm deep into a manic euphoria. I have to work at art now. It's something that requires discipline. If you are in a field which requires creativity, expect to see a change in your output."	Severe mood swings between hypomania and depression with suicide ideation before Lamictal. Began with 10mg and tritrated up to 400mg over a few months. Played around with the dosage to finally arrive at 400mg. Experimented with taking it at different times in the evening. Found that most comfortable time is before sleep.
Within one week of treatment superficial acne lesions were visibly reduced.  Sebum production which had been excessive before beginning was significantly reduced (after course of treatment level increased to a more normal level).  After one month of treatment no new acne lesions occured.  By the end of treatment no new acne developed, and old lesions had healed.	Side effects included moderate to severe dry skin.  This condition was rectified by the topical application of "Aquafore" moisturizer.	Drug was taken in gelatin tablet at 0.5 mg per day.  Drug treatment was carried out with bi-monthly visits to physician.  After 25 weeks ended treatment successfully finished treatment.  No recurrence of acne.
Ive been taking Tramadol for 2 weeks now. Ive been taking vicodin and percocuet for 7 months due to Cervial disk degeneration and lower back pain. I have to admit I loved taking Vicodin and percocuet. The problem is that they would knock me out. Tramadol has been awesome. It takes 90% of the pain away and I feel like I actually have energy again. From reading previous comments it sounds like I take a lower dose. Im really happy about that cause if I get use to it then I can up my dose and not feel worried about it.	I have had no side effects so far. I hope it stays that way.	Treating for neck, shoulder, arms, lower back, hip, thigh and knee pain.
Significantly diminished the symptoms and size of the cold sore.  Often, it would halt the development and the redness and swelling would disappear after a day or two, without the sore blistering/weeping/scabbing.  For my body, Valtrex has proven to be far more effective than either Famvir, or Zoviraz.   It is surprising how many people either do not treat cold sores, or are not aware of any new treatments after Zovirax.	Slight dizziness and tiredness, very minor.	2x 1000mg tablets every 12 hours for 1 day.
"Very quick migraine relief with no nausea or drowsiness. Other medications (such as Imitrex and Relpax) had little to no effect, or took a minimum of 1 to 2 hours for relief to begin. 



I really like the dissolving tablet, as I can take it anytime without having to find a water fountain or other beverage. Relief is very quick, generally within 20 to 30 minutes."	Very mild "buzz."	This is the first migraine medicine I've found to provide quick relief without unacceptable side effects of previous medications (nausea, severe drowsiness).
The xanax would act as a downer. It would calm me temporaily but could throw me into depression depending on the situation. If the situation was mildly tramatic the xanax would calm me but then follow by depression. The following day I would have residual sedation. The main complain was the addiction. It was not exactly like a craving but if you did not take it your body would feel like something was missing. It did not hurt but until I took it again I felt not quite content and as soon as I would take the pill my body would feel like it would give a sigh of relief. I think it is as much addiction to the mind as to the body.	As I explained above. Addiction and drowsiness. Your mind and body felt like you were missing something. Until you took the pill you would be anxious but for no reason but as soon as you took the pill your mind would be relived. You would no longer dwell on the anxiety.	Once a day preferably at bedtime but if a situation arose I would have to take another sooner and still one at bedtime in order to sleep.
blood sugar controlled levels around 100-110, blood pressure had been normal ever since i was placed on these b/p medications.xanax was the only one that could prevent anxiety and panic attacks and help me sleep. as for fosamax, i have not had a follow up bone density so i do not know how beneficial it is for treating osteoporosis	since i started taking metformin my weight loss continued (this is unwanted weight loss). initially fosamax gave me severe flu like symptoms	metformin 250 mg od, benicar 5 mg od , fosamax 70mg q wk,norvasc 2.5 mg od
I have suffered of rapid heart rate for sometime because of my thyroid problem. I was given this medicine to get my heart rate controlled. First few weeks the medicine did not seem to work for me but my doctor increased the dosage to 20mg twice a day, then that was the time I started to feel my heart rate slow down. The medicine is definitely effective but I guess the effect of it depends on the individual as it requres a certain dosage for it to work effectively.	I started feeling dizzy whenever I get up from sitting position to standing. I have informed my doctor about this and I was informed that this is a possible side effect of the drug.	Details as above.
The use of premarin reduced hot flashes and kept my skin looking younger. My skin doesn't look good since discontinuation of prenarin.	I experienced weight gain and sun sensitivity while taking premarin.	I took premarin once daily for over twenty five years following an emergency hysterectomy due to severe endometriosis. I stopped taking premarin because my doctor quit precsribing it.
Lovenox is given in subsequent pregnancies to women with recurrent miscarriage due to autoimmune issues.  Prior to taking Lovenox, I had two second trimester losses and thanks to Lovenox I was able to carry my two daughters to term.  It allowed my placenta to last the pregnancy without clotting and I was able to successfully have two children.	There are no major side effects.  There is an increased risk of bleeding but I did not experience this.  The only mild side effects was burning at the site of the injection when the medicine was going in, and some bruising at the site of the injection. Other than this I did not experience any sorts of side effects what so ever.	I had to self administer the shots twice a day.  Lovenox shots are primarily given on the belly.   However, the area usually remains sensitive and for anyone taking the drug for a prolonged period of time like I was, eventually you will run out of spots in your abdominal area and have to move to the thigh (I had to move to the thigh area during my last month of pregnancy). Other than slight burning and bruising, there was no other issues.  Initially I had a hard time giving myself the shot, and my husband had to do it, but once you get used to it, it's not really that bad and I was able to do it easily later on.  I was supposed to start the shots prior to conception and continue them six weeks postpartum.  My overall experience with Lovenox is very good and I am very happy that this drug was around to help me.
i was severly depressed for weeks and would just cry all the time. i had tried several other anidepressants and none of them worked. one day my doctor said lets try a new drug called effexor xr. i was started on 75 mg for about 2 months and was still depressed so then i was increased to 150 mg and have been on it since. i an so much happier and my family is also. this medicine has been my life saver and recommend anyone depressed to take this one	i very vivid dreams but i can live with this side effect to be happy	i found that the treatment plan has made life worth living
The treatmeant benifits are that I showed a slight decrease in wrinkles. I really think that if used with other products it could be better. I also used sunscreen everyday. I really didn't see a difference in the sagging of the skin . I thought it would help with collagen production. I am continuing to use the product. I hope I see a difference.	The side effects are dry skin. I can't wax my eyebrows without having the skin peeled off. I know they say to stop 3 days before you wax but it doesn't help. Also, living in florida, my skin became very sensitive to the sunlight. I also get a slight tingling when I apply my sunblock or lotion.	I went to my doctor and asked for a wrinkle treatment. He give me some samples of the creame. He then wrote me out a year prescription of the creame. He told me to apply it twice a day but, if my skin becomes dry, to reduce it to one a day. I preceeded to do that and it stopped some of the dryness.
Initially prescribed 25mg Zoloft for depression , but after two weeks my condition was markedly worse. I realize that each of us have different tolerances to various substances, and after my GP changed the medication to 30mg daily of Cymbalta my condition started to improve, but relapsed after about 3 weeks. The assumption was that I had required the higher dose of 60mg daily, and since taking 60mg daily my condition has improved to be close to my normal happy self with interests in various things. My advice is to find the medication that 'agrees' with you and stick with it for at least 1 month.	Dry mouth. Constipation.	Chewing gum to relieve dry mouth. Eating at least 8 prunes daily for constipation
The treatment helped the patient focus on her daily tasks and enabled her to 'get going' in the morning.  In turn, the patient was able to exercise daily which also helped her maintain concentration throughout the day.  Daily exercise also helped her maintain her moods at a stable level.	At first the patient took the medication before she went to bed, which kept her awake at night and did not allow her to sleep.  After a couple of week with inadequate sleep, she sought help and the doctor prescribed her sleeping medication, Ativan.  It turned out that the poor sleep was due to taking the medication improperly.  When that was corrected, the patient was able to sleep again and was able to function at a high rate.	The patient is being treated for bipolar I disorder, with the most recent episode severe depression.   Being bipolar, she is not able to take anti-depressants as this may induce mania.  Therefore strattera is an effective alternative which enables the patient to function at a higher level thus treating some forms of depression.  Other drugs are taken in combination with strattera to help the patient function at an optimal level each day.
Blood pressure medicine lowered pressure and controled very well. starting bp was 140/100 to now at 115/65 or close to that. Thyroid medicine used after partial thyroidectomy due to benign cyst. Can't tell whether working on not. This is mostly based on acceptable blood levels.	Blood pressure medicine has a mild diaretic which causes frequent urination. Also some drowiness noticed so I take this at night before bed. Thyoid medicine really does not have any side affects for me. Tolerated well.	I take low dose of Prempro each day in the morning. No problems and tolerated well. At first had some breakthrough bleeding but that stopped after a couple of months. Positives outweighed. Mood improved, less vaginal dryness, skin cleared as well.
Infection cleared up but the cough did not. The Bronchitis returned and is still present. The Z pack was used on 2 seperate occasions but after the cough mucus was back to a clear color, my physician said I was fine. It is 3 weeks later and I still have Bronchitis and although my coughing is better it certainly is not gone.	The side effects were stomach cramps and diarrhea for 2 weeks. I also took yogurt but that did not seem to help much. The cramps came within 48 hours of the first dose. It was easy to take but as i cramped so much I am really wondering if I did not take the Z pack would I have been in the same place as I am now without the heavy antibiotics.	"My physician said that I should rest, keep the house at 65 ' and drink warm drinks. I was very sick with not being able to sleep, coughing as if my chest bones would crack open and without sleep the days were very difficult.



I was not able to function during the day as I was sleep deprived and felt very bad for a week."
lessened the symptoms of my depression after taking the medication for about 2 to 3 weeks time, increased my appetite level, made my sleep more regular (I was either sleeping too much, or too little before taking the medication), increased my energy level	delayed or difficulty climaxing during sex	one 20mg pill each day for 12 months, in addition to psychotherapy
After just three weeks, I felt immensely better and began to enjoy the things that previously I had enjoyed--liked gardening and playing tennis. I also slept soundly. It lifted my mood dramatically, but never made me manic. I also felt more like being with people and noticed that I was no longer so preoccupied with myself or awkwardly self-consciousness. In short, I wasn't depressed and anxious anymore!	I gained about 5 lbs, which was not a problem for me since I'm slender to begin with. There was also some mild constipation, well not really constipation, but a decrease in the number of daily bowel movements. To offset that, I just drank more water. Not a big deal.	I used this drug after trying Wellbutrin, which made me too restless and hyper. It was proscribed by a psychiatrist, who was very well versed in pharmacology, for a depression that came about during menopause. I took it regularly for three years; it completely stopped negative thinking and enabled me to sleep deeply for the first time in several years. I had regular liver check-ups, but never had any decrease in correct liver functioning. After three years, I felt I was ready to cut back on the medication, which I did very, very gradually over the next year and a half so that there was no withdrawal period at all. I've been fine without it now for two years.
I no longer suffered from heartburn and acid reflux.  One pill per day allows me to enjoy eating again and have no adverse effects from any type of food.  At least none that I am aware of.	I have had no ill effects from the Lipitor or the Nexium.  However, my liver function numbers have increased slightly since being on Lipitor but that was expected to some degree.  I have been advise to lose about 20 pounds and we'll test again to see if they drop.	I have blood drawn for cholesterol and liver function tests every 6 months, some times more frequent if my doctor doesn't like the numbers.  Otherwise my cholesterol has been lowered considerably and I have no other side effects that I'm aware of.
elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.	none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.	Initial treatment included therapy and Lexapro in addition to Wellbutrin XL.  Now only on the Wellbutrin XL.  I see the psychiatrist every 4 months for re-evaluation.
I have tried so many anti depressants and always go back to zoloft.. works the best and is least expensive.. $10 a month compared to cymbalta for $400 a month.. It really works for me well.	a little dizzy at first but thats it.. only a few days If you miss it for a few days you will have some withdrawls.. light headedness and jittery	Just makes you feel better... see pych once a month then see a therapist as often as needed.. its always best to combine the two
After suffering a spinal cord injury in 1987 resulting in quadriplegia (C5/C6 complete), I experienced disassociated pain that was concentrated in my right thumb.  The problem got increasingly worse over the following years.  I ended up having to take a lot of ibuprofen and Vicodin, just to relieve the pain announce to allow me to get some work done.  However, the resulting side effects caused me to sleep a lot.  It also lead to depression.  I was finally given a prescription for gabapentin to try out.  It started working almost immediately.  After about two weeks I was rarely having the pain in my thumb anymore.  It doesn't cause me to get sleepy or feel drugged (like the Vicodin) so I have been able to work and concentrate on things once again.  It also seems to have helped with my depression, although that may have more to do with not having to deal with the pain, or the side effects of the pain relievers I was taking before.	I have noticed very little side effects at all.  I was told it may affect the effectiveness of other pain relievers, but so far I have not noticed that -- when I needed to take a Vicodin when my thumb did still hurt on occasion.  I have on rare occasions noticed some dizziness, although I am not sure I can attribute that to the drug (I have low blood pressure because of my spinal cord injury that can sometimes cause that to happen as well).	I take the medication three times a day as prescribed, drinking at least a cup of water with each dose.  I was originally taking a smaller dose of the gabapentin, but after about six months my thumb pain started to become more frequent again.  However, my doctor prescribe me a higher dose and that helped.  I do still have problems with the pain from time to time, but not at all like I used to.  All in all the drug has made a huge difference in my life thus far.
reduction in visible tremor, caused by stress and kinetic movement. 100% reduction in headaches during period.	initial few days, tiredness was evident	four 10mg tablets taken daily throughout period. The medication is a beta blocker and has various medical uses. Including the treatment of high blood pressure, tremor and reduction of migraine. You are advised not to take alcohol whilst taking this medicine.
Skin is clear smooth and brite. Best it has looked in years	initial breakouts worsen, peeling, dryness, redness, burning for the first few weeks and then got better.	The first few weeks were horrible with bad break outs, dryness, burning, redness, Peeling, It was a nightmare. Almost gave up on it but my dr would not let me. I then started using a moisteriser right after washing my face and then waited 1/2 hour to 1 hour before the Taz. Symptoms eased up and now my skin is beautiful. This stuff Rocks. Don't give up and keep it off of your lips!
Allowed client to sleep without itching.	restlessness during the day. Nightmares.	Client developed rash with many itchy bumps, could not get sleep or keep hands off bumps. Prednisone temporarily provided the client with mild relief, also calamine lotion was applied topically and seemed to provide some relief. Rash is subsiding mildly after one week of the Prednisone and calamine lotion. I would say if this symptom comes back that the client would use it again based on this experience.
Depression was lifted. Anxiety lessened. General feeling of well-being for the first time in my entire life.	decreased sexual function, horrific time trying to stop using it. I was told by many doctors there were no withdrawal symptoms so I thought I was crazy, but I was not. THe withdrawal was very hard and it took me several attempts before I could get off it.	"I began taking 10 mg. in the morning and 10 mg. at night. THis was the best dose, but as I began to feel the need to get off the drug I eliminated the 10 mg at night. I felt a slight drop in well-being, but adjusted to it.

THe withdrawal rom only 10 mg took several months and required the substitution of wellbutrin on order to get through it.

I now take 150mg of wellbutrin which has a mood stabilizing effect, but not the feeling of ""well-being"" I had from prozac."
I had debilitating panic attacks and agoraphobia and Celexa completely saved me, allowed me to go live my life again. I even took a low dose and it still worked amazingly well, though it did take nearly a month to "kick in."	In the beginning I had nightmares and some nausea, but that all passed within a few weeks. When I stopped taking the medication, I did suffer some side effects.	I took 20/mg a day each day for some number of years.
Strattera helped my son slow down without making him groggy or taking away from his personality.	My son became a little whiney in the evening when the medication started to wear off.	I have always known that my son had ADHD, evan as a baby.  I started looking into medication last year.  My son was in 1st grade and had already been suspended from school 3 times.  He also was in the principals office at least 3 times a week.  He was not able to sit still or focus and was having trouble making friends because of his temper.  My husband was against medication, but I talked him into a non-stimulant. We tried Intuniv first, but, that dropped his blood pressure to a dangerous level. Then we found Strattera, our miracle drug.  Within a week we noticed a HUGE difference.  My sons outburst of rage had completely stopped.  This year he hasnt been to the principals office once and his grades are mostly A's with a few B's.  He has also become very popular this year and is invited to almost every Birthday party. I cant tell you how hard it is to see every child in the class invited to birthday parties except your son.  The best part is he is still himself.  The medication doesnt make him groggy or zombie like.  I dont know what we would have done without this drug.  The only side effect we noticed was that he would get a little more whiney than usual in the evening, when the medication was wearing off.  Other than that, we havent noticed any other side effects.  Thank you Strattera
birth control made easy only once a month	i was nauseaus the fist cuple of months but then the symptoms disapered and it also helped control my period irregularity.	WEAR THE RING 3 WEEKS IN A ROW AND REMOVE THE WEEK OF YOUR PERIOD AND INSERT A NEW RING THE FIRST SUNDAY AFTER YOUR PERIOD.
The acne has decreased and I have not had major skin irritation or sunburn like I know other acne treatments can cause.	Mild dry skin that improves with the use of cream.	I was prescribed the medication for moderate acne. I have been using it every night, a pea-sized amount all over my face except eyes, 30 minutes after washing and drying my face with a mild soap. I wait unitl it dries before going to bed, so it won't smear off. I use a moisturizing cream the next day with SPF of at least 15.
reduced total cholesterol by 42 / HDL increased by 5	some nausea at first; diarrhea (abated after 1st month)	Continue on current dose; recheck labs in 6 months. Follow low fat (esp hydrogenated fats) diet
lowered blood pressure	I did experience some bowel changes although the doctor did not seem to think that this would be the result of the drug. I do, however. I experienced constipation.	One 16 mg tablet to be taken daily. I had been given other blood pressure medication previously which I did not respond as well to so It took a few tries to get it right. I would like to be able to stop taking the medication and am trying to lose weight and lead a healthier lifestyle but all the literature seems to suggest that I may always need to take the medication.
Lowered blood pressure, regression of LVH.	Annoying cough night or day ocassionally @ 10mg. Cough almost non-existent @ 20mg. No other noticeable side effects.	"Daily dosage of Lisinpril with HCTZ (water pill) 20mg. Reduce / limit intake of all forms of dietary sodium to 1000 - 1500mg. per day to reduce pitting edema. Brisk walking exercise 3-5 times a week for 45 minutes per session.



Baby asprin daily and Vytorin to effect cholesterol levels."
I had severe coughing fits for more than two weeks. Several varieties of over the counter medications did not seem to help, neither did home remedies. Finally I consulted my physician and she proscribed Amoxicillin. I took it for 10 days, 500 mg tablets three times daily with food. At the end of the treatment period my coughing had subsided and then disappeared completely.	The only noticeable side effect was unpleasant aftertaste.	I took it for 10 days, 500 mg tablets three times daily with food.
I felt more flexible and i could sleep better.  Also, I could return to work much faster than expected.	there were no side effects that i could tell.  i returned to work after 3 days in pain.	i followed the directions and everything worked well.  I was not dizzy or lightheaded or any other problems that I noticed consciosly.
no longer caught up in constant delusions,able to attend partial hospital program 5 days a week. i maintain my own apartment and live with independence.i socialize with friends and i am no longer in and out of hospital.i look forward to joining the y.m.c.a. and start exercising and also am considering a part time job.	weight gain around mid-section,loss of libido.	zyprexa has enabled me to enjoy life again and keep me out of hospital.unlike the older anti-psychotics i'm not apathetic about every thing,but enjoy doing things.
I get very bad panic attacks and completely break down no matter where I am. I decided that I couldn't let it control my life anymore, so I talked to my doctor and he prescribed me clonazepam. This drug is very dependable and works fast. Whenever I feel anxiety coming on I will take 1 or 2 pills and I'm fine.	It makes me sleepy, but it's definitely worth it. I'd rather feel tired than have a panic attack	As needed
reduced the fatigue, swelling and pain associated with RA	mild tendency to gain weight, however appetite which had been flagging was regained	Take the medication in larger doses at the very beginning, and then taper off gradually.  Very important to taper, no sudden stops or starts to this medication, adverse effects if you do.
in theory, my bones should have gotten stronger, as measured by the bone scan done at my gynecologist office once every 18 months	I first tried the tablets and they would sit on my stomach as if I had a brick for breakfast. So I tried the oral solution which, in fact, was better on the stomach but,still, not completely without side effects. Most of the days I took Fosamax I had a slight stomach discomfort during the morning.	I took Fosamax for almost 4 years and after 2 bone density scans which showed no improvement  I decided to stop the treatment, against my doctor advice which was to take Fosamax for at least 5 years. I believe that we still do not know enough about how the bone keeps itself healthy and that bone scans are not yet reliable. It's a big business and I finally refused to keep a medication that is so hard on the digestive system and can also have very dangerous side effects (frozen bones, I believe it is called). I still have to be convinced that a low density bone is not necessarily stronger than a bone with more density. Waiting for more research I am trying to walk as much as possible and to follow a reasonable diet. And to be at peace with myself...  Thanks!
Alprazolam worked wonders for me I wish I had gotten prescribed a long time ago, works very well for anxiety and panic.	At first it made me a little tired but that did not last long	I take it prn when my anxiety is at a high level, I have one with me at all times incase I need it, one usually does the trick and I feel "normal" it is a feeling I have not had in a long time, I would recomment this drug to anyone suffering from anxiety and or panic.
I feel the treatment was very helpful in keeping my skin clear looking,and i think somewhat tighter,  it also  gave my face a healthy color and appearance ,it was less dull the way aging skin can become. I also think it did keep some lines at bay.it gave me a much improved appearance,i have been using renova for a few years and I will continue to use this cream for a long time to come.	peeling for the first few weeks and a lot of redness in the first 2 weeks also.	in the evening after washing my face lightly  without hard rubbing ,using a mild face cleanser, i would let it dry for a good half hour then apply the renova cream also lightly no hard rubing in ,then let it be absorbed into skin.
I had terrible itching, watery eyes, and sneezing from seasonal allergies.  This medication did not completely elimiate my symptoms, but is reduced them to a tolerable level without making me too tired or doped up to function at work.	I think I did experience some drowsiness from the medication, but nothing that was overly so such that I could not function at work.	The doseage was one pill/day
I lived in a constant state of panic (shortness of breath, rapid heart rate, flushed feeling), and this medication completely erased all these symptoms.  I can now think clearly and make rational decisions.  I chose to stay on this very low dose and take an Ativan on the rare occasion a panic attack breaks through.	I feel a little drowsy and slightly lightheaded for about 30 minutes after taking medicine, but it is not severe enough to interfere with my work or life.	I take half a 10 mg tablet in the morning and the other half in the late afternoon.
helps with ibs-c	slightly "drugged" feeling, went away after a few days	supposed to take one tablet before each meal and one at bedtime. i take only one at bedtime and have still had considerable success w/ibs symptoms. i also supplement with acacia powder, apple cider vinegar, acidophilus supplements, and magnesium supplements.
My depression has lifted and I am able to concentrate more than I was previuosly	weight loss and loss of appetite	simply remember to take medication
About 14 years ago I started hyperventilating for no apparent reason.  I would wake up in the morning and within an hour I felt like I had to struggle to breath.  This would continue all day, every day.  After 5 years, I was prescribed alprazolam (the generic Xanax).  It worked almost immediately.  I still have some days that are worse than others, but it has been a lifesaver for me.  I take one when I get up and then 2 or 3 times again during the day as needed.  It stops the hyperventilating totally for the most part.	The only side effect is a mild drowsiness.  I take a very small dose.  The highest I take at one time is .5 mg.	I take one .25 mg pill within 1 hour of waking up.  I usually take the second one around noon and another before going to bed.  If my condition is worse for whatever reason, then I might take another one during the day, or one .5 mg in the evening.  Sometimes if I'm busy and I miss taking a dose, and I feel myself beginning to hyperventilate, I'll then take one.  It works fast.
The Trental reduced my viral load, increased my sex drive from none to moderate and the side effects were just some stomach upset, which was fixed by reducing my dose to twice a day.	Mild nausea and mild dizziness that were dose related.	I wanted to see if the Trental would reduce my viral load and it did.
"I do not feel there were any benefits from this treatment - only side effects.

Weaning off the the drug was extremely difficult."	Impotence, tremor	I was given Effexor to take once a day for depression. I did not derive much benefit. I received a lot of benefit from seeing a therapist and taking nutritional supplements.
Could fairly quickly fall asleep, and usually stay alseep, with little "sleep hangover" problem that most other medications result in. I could function in the morning. My general health started improving (fewer flues and colds, headaches, stress and depression, and I had much, much less pain as I started getting regular sleep.	Some constipation, maybe dry mouth and eyes (not sure if there is a direct cause and effect, but definitely an overlap in timing). About three months ago I started waking up during the night (anywhere from 12:30 am to 3 am) without being able to go back to sleep. Have tried numerous other medications and they all had much, much worse side effects that trazodone.	I'm not sure what you mean by this, I take trazodone nightly, and have taken it for at least two years. My worst experience from other sleep medications came from ambien (well before my doctor had even heard of the side effects I was having, nor were they listed on the medication or mentioned in the news). I also take cymbalta in conjunction with trazadone, which also supposedly helps you sleep, but the cymbalta alone is not effective for sleep at all for me.
The combination therapy worked well but after discontinuation of therapy the condition returned and was worse than previous time.	dry skin and occasional nausea	I cleanse and apply elocon twice daily to my face and take antibiotics twice a day for 3 months my face cleared but returned after discontinuation of therapy.  Now my dermatologist has restarted the antibiotics orally and added retinoid cream twice a day.
It really helps keep my acne at bay - keeps pores clear and reduces frequency of inflamed pimples, reduces red marks from acne breakouts.  It is less drying/irritating than most other acne topicals.	Slight itching for the first month or so.	I was already pretty clear from going to an esthetician at an acne clinic, but I was just looking for an additional boost to the results I already had.  I previously discovered that I could not use anything other than very mild OTC retinoids, as they tended to make my acne flare up.  Finacea did not do this.  The Finacea was a good addition to my skin care regimen and has decreased the frequency of inflamed pimples and the tiny pustules I sometimes get around my nose.  Now I use Finacea in the morning, and Vivant's Derm A Gel in the evening, along with 5% benzoyl peroxide on my more acne prone areas (chin and jawline).
marked improvement in behavior	weight loss, jittery feeling, insomnia, withdrawal, isolation	I began taking ritalin and zoloft almost three years ago to treat ADHD and depression.  I also began seeing a therapist once a week.  I saw improvement, but it was slow and graduate at first, particularly with the regard to the Zoloft.  I saw immediate improvement with the ritalin.  It changed my daily life.  It keeps me calm; i am able to focus better and for longer.   I am no longer seeing the therapist nor am i taking the zoloft and today i feel great.
I switched from Zoloft because the Cymbalta wasn't supposed to effect libido negatively.  Having ended my marriage and gone through menopause I don't feel I can judge that aspect fairly.  However, I feel the Cymbalta is much more effective in keeping the dark cloud off my head, allowing me to be more positive toward life on a consistent basis.	Dry mouth.	I really notice when I miss just one dose; it takes 2 - 3 days to catch up, but then I become very aware of negative feelings and apathy.  I am careful to take the dose in the mornings so it doesn't affect my sleep, but have taken as late as 4pm and not had sleep issues.
Slowed hair loss in front and top of scalp.  Regrew hair at the back of the scalp and on sides.  It doesn't appear that hair loss has ceased completely for MPB, but increased hair grow in another areas makes my head appear fuller	"Loss of limbido.  My case probably isn't a perfect control because I lost a high paying job, moved to another state, and moved in with my girlfriend when I began taking the medication.  Within 4 months, started a brand new job and encountered other new stressors.  



I can attribute some of the loss of libido to job related stress and moving in with my girlfriend of 5 years.  I would guess the effects on libido would be very minimal had my job and living situations remained constant.



I'm overall much happier having thicker hair than I would be with a consistent sex drive.  I am able to get more work done and focus more on important life goals than being constantly distracted with sex.  Instead of wanting sex 5 times per week, I only want it twice per month now.  Again, this is probably a plus"	"I started slowing losing hair when I was 23-24.  The hair loss was unnoticeable until I turned 27.  My receding hairline started to become very apparent at 27, especially in my part line.  I began taking propecia when I turned 28 and it appears to have regrown hair on the back and sides of my scalp and has slowed my receding hairline.  Unfortunately, it appears that I am still developing a minor bald spot in the middle of my scalp.  



Based on my current rate of hair loss, I'm guessing that I will maintain a healthy head of hair for the next 4-5 years.  At 35, I probably won't care how my hair looks because I'll be well out of the dating game.  



I don't think Propecia is a cure-all for my particular pattern of baldness, but I feel it would be highly effective for others.  Anyone who is experiencing baldness at the back of scalp would benefit greatly.  The receding hairline will probably continue, but at a much slower pace.  I may eventually go completely bald regardless, but I honestly feel I've saved 3-5 years of youthful appearance."
stopped my bladder incontinence when used in combination with my other bladder medications on my neurogenic bladder	drowsiness, urinary retention may have caused dry mouth but not as bad as using ditropan does	This drug was added as I have very strong bladder spasms. It's side effects are better than ditropan and I would recommend people try it first
Gradual lessening in severity and frequency of comedonal acne. Gradual slight improvement in skin texture, ie. fine lines around eyes appear slightly reduced, skin tone appears more even and sun damage appears reduced.	Slight increase in skin sensitivity, with stinging and mild redness experienced only after washing, and occasional slight flaking around mouth and eye areas. Increased sensitivity to UV light, necessitating daily use of high PPD sunscreen.	I started applying a pea-sized amount of the Retin-A cream on every second night about one hour after washing. After two weeks, because there were no adverse effects for me I started using the cream nightly. With nightly usage I experienced very slight side-effects of sensitivity, slight redness after washing and occasional slight flaking. None of these effects were severe so I continued with nightly treatment. After approximately one month I experienced gradual lessening in severity and frequency of comedonic acne. Comedones still formed, but were less likely to become inflamed/infected. Slight reduction in surface oiliness noted. After about 10 weeks I noted a slight improvement in sundamage and skin texture. Overall I was very pleased with the efficacy of this product, but may in the future switch to the Retin-A gel to see if this results in a further reduction of comedones.
Sinus and chest infections were much better after 7 days. No more sinus pain or runny nose, and was no longer coughing up mucus.	Terrible bitter taste in the mouth, some mild nausea, and a yeast infection.	I didnt think this antibiotic was working because I had been taking it for 5 days and nothing was getting better, then around day 7 I was starting to turn around.
Reduced inflammation of affected areas.  Reduced itching and scaling in the affected areas.  Reduced itching in associated areas not specifically affected with the condition.	Thinning of the skin in the treatment area.  Dryness in the area of treatment. Capillary breakdown in the treatment area.	Apply twice daily for a period of three weeks.   Do not use hot water on treatment area.  After shower or bath gently dry with towel. Moisturize often.
Ability to focus, motivation, energy, stamina all increased. Feeling of well-being after being in the 'black hole' of depression. My sleep is improved, have no trouble going to sleep, quells disturbing\busy dreams that used to leave me exhausted in the morning. I don't lie awake at night trying to slow down or calm my mind.	Dry mouth leading to some dental cavities. Desire to smoke is increased. Jaw/hand/foot clenching. Loss of appetite, great for keeping thin, sometimes have to force myself to eat/drink.	Took 20mg 3x a day. Immediate release worked better than the extended version because I had more control of the med to taper it to my needs/schedule during the day.
They sometimes help me sleep throughout the night. Some nights when I feel really depressed, I feel like taking more.. but never do. Those were the nights that were really hard for me to fall asleep, even after taking the trazodone.	I've only been on trazodone for about a month now, but already I experience a bad taste in my mouth. Also when im just lying down and relaxing I get this sharpe pain in my right ribs as well as down my right side into my mid back. It only began when I started taking this medication.	..
"Effect took place within 2 days, lifting me from a deep deep depression where I was at the point of a breakdown.



Helped me stay in my job and continue life normally.



Although after a year , I feel some symptoms are worming their way back in, but that could be pscyhological."	"The only side effect I have noticed is ""electric shock"" type feelings if i am a good few hours late.



Try not to be late!"	none
Ability to focus. Able to answer questions and engage in coversation. Increased organizational ability. Increased ability to attend to particular tasks without constantly moving towards another task. Ability to prioritize and to remember what original intentions were after beginning a task.	If next dose not taken in a timely manner, effects wear off very quickly and suddenly very tired. Small bubbling in head at times. If dosage even slightly too high, then noticable heart palpitations present along with increased heart rate. Active dreaming if taken late in the day.	It took a very long time to find the best medication and the best dosage. Over a year of trials. Medication is taken along with proper diet and increased physical activity. Omega 3 supplementation also added to routine. Important to note that nicotene is also taken regularly in the form of nicorette gum. All information above is based on the two together as complete treatment. Either on it's own is not enough.
It helped enormously with sleep and gave me quite vivid dreams upon occasion.  I felt more relaxed in general and overall, quite happy - in fact, slightly euphoric ( it is a mild antidepressant).  I was able to sleep at least eight hours and waking, I was alert and not sluggish.	I felt a little unmotivated during the aftgernoons.  Mornings, I was quite peppy but afternoon arrived and I felt sleepy, which is not normal for me.  I also had headaches upon waking up and  felt a bit unfocused.  But overall, it was great!	I started with 25 mg a night, taken right before I wanted to fall asleep.  This worked off and one but not always for my insomnia.  I increased the dosage to 50 mg, which was highly effective.  I took one 50 mg pill.  I felt sluggish in the morning ONLY when I took a pill in the middle of the night, say 3 or 4 in the morning when I couldn't sleep.
Treatments benefits was the relaxation of legs at bedtime so I could sleep.	The only side effect I have noticed has been a bit of drowsiness (but it IS bedtime).	Requip is taken 1-1/2 to 2 hours before bedtime.
Improved ability to focus and concentrate. Memory retention better. Improved energy. Mainly helped relieve brain fog that is common with Chronic Fatigue/Fibromyalgia. Especially noticeable while working. Able to function better and work longer, more like my old self.	Weight loss, decreased appetite. If take too late in the day, may affect ability to sleep.	Take 1 pill in the morning to treat ADD-like symptoms that started after a car accident. Took several years to get Chronic Fatigue/Fibromyalgia diagnosis and quite awhile after that before this medicine was prescribed. Tried most of the standard ADD medications to help with brain fog but bad side effects, worked for awhile then stopped, or no effect. Many doctors not comfortable perscribing this medication for ADD or ADD-like symptoms since it's a weight-loss medicine. I usually only take this medication during the work week and give my body a break on teh weekends.
It has worked pretty well at lifting my depression symptoms. Not dramatic effects but enough to help. It also decreased my appetite and I lost about 10 lbs and didn't gain it back.	I had mild nausea at first but that stopped.	I take one 10 mg tablet a day.
Deppression disappeared. Anxiety disappeared. Since I have been on Lexapro I have realised I have been depressed most of my life. I have a very strong family history of major depression. I was in denial to the fact I was depressed. When you have always been depressed you don't know any different. Since Lexapro I have felt alot calmer and happier. The intense guilt I felt about everything has almost gone. My mind would also constantly relieve traumatic past events and mistakes I had made. I really didn't ever want to wake up in the morning - but now I do. The depressive need to sleep in the day time has gone. I am also becoming much less socially isolated, more confident and have began ejoying life. I would have liked to find Lexapro Many years ago.	I started taking 5mg daily for the first two weeks and did feel an increase in anxiety which subsided after a couple of days. When I increased to 10 mg the anxiety returned and then again subsided. I also felt "far away and fuzzzy headed" for about 3 weeks. Insomnia was also an initial side effect. After 6 weeks I am not experiencing any side effects and am extremely grateful for my improved mood.	I began taking Lexapro for 6 weeks. I started at 5mg for two weeks and then increased it to 10mg. I plan to continue taking it for a long time as i have never felt better.
The benefits were having clearer skin between month 2 and month 6.My skin did clear but i did still experience some smaller cystic breakouts, which was disappointing.	the side effects were minimal and consisted of dry, cracked lips. Aquafor did help alleviate that situation. My mood was mildly affected. I did experience some mood swings from time to time. The other downside was having to go do the monthly bloodwork. Not having insurance and a tight schedule at work made it a little inconvenient and certainly expensive.	Overall it was helpful but there is alot involved in being on the drug and the side effects are tolerable overall. I wish the benefits had a longer residual effect or there were some other long term treatments for cystic acne that were effective
Less pain with same symptoms	Unclear thinking	Condition was long term and stress related.  Zoloft was merely a measure to ease the discomfort.
Very effective initially. A lot more energy, able to focus, and more vibrant. I think its no longer working after 7 years and think I am tolerant of it and not receiving the same benefits as the initial years.	When weening off I had 'shock like' sensations.weight loss was an initial side effect as well as diarrhea. Became ill if I drank alcohol at all.	Depression med.
After taking Wellbutrin for approximately 2 months I noticed a considerable decrease in anxiety and morbid intrusive thoughts, which improved my depression feeling considerably. I also noticed that I had an easier time quitting smoking. I could be around smokers and not feel an urge to smoke, which had never happened in previous attempts to quit and using a nicotine patch.	During the first month I had insomnia. I slept about 3 hrs per night; however, I didn't feel fatigued by it. I also lost about 20 lbs in the first 6 months.	My doctor prescribed Wellbutrin for depression and anxiety. I take 150mg two times per day.
Worked very fast, could feel results within a week. Very effective in lifting severe depression and reduced frequency of panick attacks (though did not eliminate them entirely)	Some insomnia, very vivid dreams, sweating at night. DO NOT MISS DOSES OR STOP TAKING...discontinuation happens really quickly and is the harshest I've ever felt (I've come off of Lexapro, amitriptyline and nortriptyline) Also my heartrate has increased slightly.	Went up to 300mg a day from the starters pack within a few months of starting it.  Lifted a very deep depression; at the time it was a godsend. After a year of being on it at 300mg it is starting to lose effectiveness (which I am told is typical) so I will either have to switch or add something because I can't increase much more.
Had to have a partial hysterectomy due to endometreosis.  After the surgery began experiencing hot flashes on a very frequent basis - approximately 1-2 times per hour.  My gynecologist prescribed Premarin .030mg.  Since then I have moved up to the .045 mg dosage which I take once a day.  For the most part, this relieves my symptoms even though I wake up at night on occasion with a night sweat.	periodic headaches	take once daily for relief of menopause symptoms
I started having insomnia due to some family issues and had to start taking sleeping pills. With the help of Lunesta I could usually get up to 5 hours of sleep at night on most nights, but then suddenly it stopped working. I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR.	"Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.

Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.

Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.

Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning."	"It worked for several nights, then suddenly stopped working: I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR.

It worked for several nights, then suddenly stopped working: I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR. It worked for several nights, then suddenly stopped working: I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR.

It worked for several nights, then suddenly stopped working: I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR. It worked for several nights, then suddenly stopped working: I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR."
i could sleep at night. my ms caused tightness everywhere, so i had alot of sleepless nights. lack of sleep made everything worse w/ my ms	a little tired in the am ,but nothing horrible	10 mg at nite b4 bed
Immediate slowing of loss, but the benefits waned after the first year.	Mild testicular ache, reduced ejaculate	Proscar was cut into 4 pieces and 1.25 mg were taken daily for over 2 years. There was immediate cessation of loss and moderate amounts of regrowth. Return to baseline, and then drastic fall below baseline, was observed in the year subsequent to drug initiation.
My spots were reduced dramacially, skin cleared up and felt better. my confidence improved. i would recommend this product to other people.	very slight dry skin in the areas I used the gel the most.	I had to apply gel each night and keep it on whilst asleep, I would wash off in the morning and use other products as normal.
I was experiencing anxiety and would take a quarter of a pill to take the edge off.  Within 20-30 minutes the anxiety would decrease a lot.  Mostly I wouldn't even have a full pill in a day.	If I took the recommended dose (half to a full pill) I would get very tired.  Once I tested different dosages and decreased it to a quarter, I cannot remember any side effects.	The way it was prescribed I was to take up to one pill and I could take it every 4 hours.  That dosage was way to high for me so I decreased it to a quarter of a pill and only took it when I had extreme anxiety.  One bottle of 30 lasted me two years.  I almost never go to the doctor and I never really take drugs unless it is absolutely necessary.  I wanted to do your survey so I could get the free report on making home creams, but I also really like what you are doing!
The drug was taken for my daily anxiety caused by stress and also insomnia to help relax my body before bed. The drug is mainly intended for anxiety and works great at relieving those systems such as irregular heart beat, nervousness and other anxiety causing symptoms. I give it a 9 out of 10 for its performance.	The only thing i didnt like about this drug is that with taking it overtime I felt as if my body built tolerance to the drug as well as became more dependent on it. I still am until this day and have managed to ween off the drug. Then again every ones body is different, Just do your research before taking benzodiazepines long term.	The treatment overall treated my anxiety quickly and effectively. No regrets. The drug overall has treated me effectively despite the minor drawbacks.
This has helped reduce my cystic acne that forms on my chin area. Nothing has helped previously.I had tried OTC products including Proactiv as well as RX differin. The cysts still occur occasionally but with far less frequency.	dryness	Applied daily in the evening. At first sign of a cyst forming I usually apply it twice daily.
I have been on Effexor XR for about 10 years. I am currently taking 300 mg per day. Before going on Effexor XR I was a crazy person...I tried to commit suicide several times. I still had anger issues and was given Lamictal and my anger has decreased immensely. I had been on so many different antidepressants I thought this was how my life was always going to be, my family slowly watching me sleep myself to death. Since my doctor put me on Effexor XR added Lamictal & Desyrel I feel better than ever. I also found out I'm allergic to wheat, dairy & eggs. Deleting these items from my diet along with the medications has made me a new person.	The only adverse effect I experienced was when I tried to play doctor and wean myself from the meds. It was like withdrawals from hard drugs; chills, nausea, etc. I took periodically myself off my meds because I didn't want to be dependant on medicaton. It was always the wrong thing to do.	My Dr gave me a sample pack (containing 7-37.5 mg capsules & 7-75mg capsules) as well as a  prescription for 75 mg. I was to take the 37.5 mg capsules then the 75 mg capsules. The dosage has been increased over time to 300mg.
enabled me to manage pain without being on narcotics. I did not experience a spacey out of touch feeling as I did when taking vicodin. It did make me a bit sleepy for the first couple of hours after dosing	mild sleepyness	on drug to control pain prior to surgical correction of a herniated cervical disk and for post op pain
I have had acne since the age of fifteen (15).  I tried several treatments, but the one that has shown improvement to my skin has been Differin.  With Differin, there has been a reduction of blemishes, my skin feels and looks smoother, and  the hyperpigmention of my skin has lightened significantly.	Side effects included dryness and irritation of the skin, which were both in part, very mild.	apply a thin layer every night to clean skin.
After about 2 weeks, felt much calmer and less depressed. Stressful situations or emotional distress were experienced less acutely and I was able to deal with them much better. Overall feeling of 'who cares' but not to a bad extent.  Also lost about 20 pounds which may be due to it acting as an appetite suppressant? Or maybe because it stopped my stress eating. Either way, nice side effect :)	Loss of weight- appetite suppression. Complete loss of sexual interest. Kind of a bummer but preferable to the depression. Also experienced an episode of intense confusion around the time it was supposed to be kicking in.	Works great... Very happy with it, as alprazolam seems to have no effect on me.
this drug works very well to control my heart from racing and fluttering. i have had a echo cardiogram and they say it is nothing serious but it really bothers me and makes me shaky and queasy. it was nice to get relief from this drug.	when i first took it it seemed to make me depressed but after a while that seemed to go away. other than that i have had no side effects.	the doctor prescribed the drug and i take 1/2 tablet a day which would be 25 mg.
The number of migraines were reduced from 20+ a month to 12 or even less.  There have been some months when I have had only 5 or less migraines.  More importantly, the intensity of the migraines is considerably reduced.  On a pain scale of 1-10, I would have 12 or 15+ pain, that no amount of medication helped, and they would last for 3 to 5 days.  Now, when I do get a migraine, it's usually at a 2 or 3 pain level, and I rarely need to take more than 1 Relpax for relief.	One rather odd side effect, which others on the drug have commented upon, is that you forget words.  I've always been very articulate, and it can be frustrating to be in the middle of a conversation, or when I was doing training sessions, to suddenly go blank and be completely unable to remember a word I've used all my life.  Also, at one point I decided to go off the medication in the vain hope I could manage the migraines without drugs.  Even coming off the Topamax over a period of months, I gained 20 pounds.	I started on the usual dosage of 25mg in the morning and evening, then after 2 weeks increased it to 50mg twice a day.  Most people stay at this level, however, I seem to have a very high metablisim when it comes to medication, and anything I've taken for migraines always has to be increased beyond normal dosage in order to work.  Therefore, my neurologist increased the dosage to 200 mg a day, and after about a year when that no longer worked, we went to 300mg a day, which I know is high for used in migraine treatment. However, I've been on almost every migraine medication there is over the years, and there is nothing else that works.  I'm hoping for more breakthroughs in migraine research, before I end up at 400mg a day and forget half my vocabulary!
I was able to relax more than usual, and my mind did not feel like a race car circling a track at 150 miles per hour.  It became easier to focus on the task at hand without worrying about what was on my to-do list and, due to an eating disorder, how much I had eaten or was going to eat that day.	I found it slightly more difficult to drive while under the influence of the drug, and oftentimes I caught myself spacing out.  Sun exposure seemed to strengthen the drug's effect, and being in the sun made me lethargic and sometimes even dizzy.  Overall, I always felt as though I was on an irregular level of consciousness, and not in the same mental place as surrounding people not on the drug.	I was told to take one or 1/2 tablet approximately 30 minutes before undergoing an event that I predicted would inflict anxiety.  My stress was effectively reduced during family meals and going out to restaurants.  However, I took 1/2 tablet before receiving a vaccination shot and, although I did not pass out as usual, I still became lightheaded and dizzy as a result of the needle.  Perhaps a whole tablet would have eliminated these effects.  In the end, I couldn't get used to feeling like I was on drugs while trying to work, drive, etc. so I decided to not refill my prescription and began seeing my therapist more often instead.
My skin has become dramatically clearer and it has a fresh glow that I am very happy with.  My skin is smoother, finer, and the darker areas on my forehead (related to sun exposure) have faded almost completely.	Mild redness in the first three or four weeks, especially after exfoliating in the morning (which is my habit, not something recommended by my dermatologist though I have not asked).  It is a lot more urgent that I get moisturizer on after washing my face in the morning than it used to be before starting this treatment.  My face feels very tight and uncomfortable until I get the moisturizer on.	Before the treatment, I had noticed my skin was becoming dull and a bit leathery, and some wrinkles were setting in to my forehead. This is all substantially improved, and I'm so glad I shelled out for this cream.
My dosage is NOT the standard treatment of 300 mg daily, however at the 100 mg daily dose I get some benefits, including decreased irritability and appetite control, without side effects.	None.	I have been on this medication, at this dosage for a few years now, and it works great. No side effects at the 100 mg per day dose but I still get the benefits of help with mood swings and appetite control.
Clearer thinking; improved outlook and energy level.	I have had a persistent cough since taking this drug.	Taken first thing with glass of water and no food for 30 minutes. Doctor did not see the connection between cough and Synthroid,(chest Xray came back fine) however as it did bother my stomach briefly at time of dosing, I decided it might be affecting the stomach lining. Recently towards late afternoon or before retiring will take Tagamet or some generic stomach med. I DO NOT experience heartburn, however, this routine seems to reduce the embarrassing cough significantly. This was my own resolution after trying many allergy medicines once or twice which did not stop the cough at all. Was also given sample of Advair which I did not use due to negative side effects I read about on internet before using. I am seeking a more natural and effective solution to replace the Synthroid with something that will treat source of low thyroid as well as the symptoms.
much improved sleep without waking in the middle of the night.	none really.  Maybe groggy but not terribly.	Took 1 pill at bedtime
relief of insomnia	grogginess in the morning	50mg nightly
Helped with sinus congestion and sneezing, and allowed me to be able to breathe better throught the night and wake up less stuffy.	Mild sinus headache at times depending on how bad my allergies were.	This nasal spray helped me control my allergies and sinus problems for the time I was taking it, however as soon as I stopped taking it all of my symptoms came back immediately. I don't think this drug is a "quick fix" that you can use for a few days and then stop...I think it is something you have to take continuously to get the full benefits.
Being able to focus, weight loss, more energy, staying on task, more relaxed once it kicked in or wore off.  Slowed down my thought process, anxiety went done, not over thinking and less of a worrier.  No explosive episodes with family, stablized my moods.  Work non stop, focused on tasks, can sit and stay still, read books for longer then 5 minutes.  If you don't have ADHD and take this drug it will make you a hyperactive spaz and will have the oppositve effects.	Lack of sleep, this is why I was perscribed lunesta 3mg per night. Really happy and more talkative, have to watch what I say.  Weight loss, loss of appetite, headaches from not eating, shakey, mild dizzyness, blurred vision, forgetfulness, moody if I missed a dose or it wore off, can become addicting, temporary fix to a permanent problem. Mild run around with getting the perscription filled because it is classified as a c2.	Grew up poor so I didn't have insurance or a regular doctor to diagnose me.  Lived with bipolar, adhd and mild OCD my entire life.  Now that I have found out about all of my issues, I have been working with a good doctor who can "fix me."  I never been this clear headed and happy since I was a child.  Having these diseases without medication can ruin your life, your relationships, work, education, marriage etc.  I can only go from this day forward and I plan on making it the best life possible.  I will have to be on medication for the rest of my life.
We could not identify any benefits at all.  The behavior and memory problems remained unchanged or worsened over time.  Anxiety continued to increase and the dementia progressed systematically.  Disorientation continued to increase and the patient became more and more difficult to manage.  It appeared that irritability increased and the patient became more agitated more easily.	There was some indication that there was at least some increase nausa as well as some infrequent but increased bouts of diarrhea.  There were a few episodes of vomiting, but it might be attributed to other factors for this one side effect.  There was definitely increased insomnia as well as loss of appetite, but it can not be definitively stated that the drug alone contributed to these although it did occur after the drug was begun.	The patient was given a daily dose.  After transfer to a care facility, the regimentation in taking the dose was firmly set in place.  Staff medical personnel on site did not observe any benefits, and as a result, after about 6 months the prescription was terminated. During the time the drug was used, there was a patient review every other week to ascertain whether there seemed to be any improvement in the patient.  Memory tests were administered and one-on-one interviews were executed by medical personnel.  The results of the memory testing showed no net improvement nor was there any identifiable changes that might be considered positive.  Ultimately her psychiatrist in consultation with the family decided that the drug did not seem to provide any net gain.
This medication greatly helped me to sleep well.  I felt more restored after a nights sleep.  I no longer had trouble going to sleep and no trouble with waking up in the middle of the night, and not being able to get back to sleep.  Unfortunately this medication did not seem to help with the Fibromyalgia very much.	It put a damper on my libido.  I wasn't much interested in having relations with my husband.  He was not too pleased with this.  I wasn't happy with this side effect either since it is not very good for a marital relationship.	I was to take this medication once a day.  At one time the dosage was increased to 50mg but with the decrease in my libido and too much grogginess in the morning my dosage was reduced to 25mg.  This seemed to do well in helping me to sleep better.
The treatment benefits are long term.  There is no immediate benefit to be seen.  My doctor advised me that a follow-up dexa scan should be performed in two years to determine if the treatment is effective in reversing or at least arresting the osteopenia.  The drug is supposed to reduce risk of breast cancer.	I experienced some mild hot flashes during the month I took the drug.  These hot flashes were not of the intensity that I experienced when I first started to experience menopause.  I did have more ackiness in my bones and joints when I first starting taking it but these went away after the first few weeks.	I was given one month's free sample of Evista by my doctor.  I took one 60 mg pill each morning with 600 mg Calcium with Vitamin D as directed by my doctor.  I also walk 30 minutes daily on my treadmill, again at my Dr.'s direction.  I refilled the presciption at a local discount "member's only" store and paid $106 for one month of the drug. I have since purchased the drug on line for about half the cost.  Once I receive it, I will resume taking the drug.  Looks like I'll have about a two week vacation.  Biggest concerns about taking this drug are blood clots and stroke.  You are not allowed to smoke and alcohol consumption needs to be kept to a low level because it's not good for the bones. Other lifestlye issues related to healthy bones are followed.
Mood was uplifted and dosage was easy (once daily). convenient dosage form	"dizziness, drowsiness, decreased sex drive

The full effect took a while to build up"	Patient mood was extremely low when treatment was started. Initial dose was 5mg, increasing to 10mg after 1 week. Started taking in the morning but caused too much drowsiness therefore changed to take in the evening
I had morning-to-night headaches for two weeks prior to taking the medication. My doctor ascertained that these were most likely tension headaches. The morning after taking the first dose, I had no headache, and I remained headache-free for 2 days.  Now, on the third day, the headache is returning, so I plan to take another dose tonight.	All day on the day after taking the medication, I had symptoms that resembled low blood sugar.  I was very jittery after a small amount of caffeine (less than I normally drink).  All day I had this unpleasant effect.  But it was not as bad as having a headache all day.	Take 1 tablet at bedtime, if needed, for headache.
I presented with General Anxiety Disorder and Aggitated Depression.  I was unfocused, angry, anxious and had racing thoughts.  Wellbutrin XL helped with depression, unfocused thinking and racing thoughts.  I was more focused during the day and was able to complete tasks.  It also helped so that I would not fly off the handle and it helped me stay out of bed.  In a nutshell, it helped me with energy.  A main help was with the sexual side effects of Lexapro, a seratonin reuptake inhibitor.  Lexapro would dimish my libido and make it difficult to reach orgasm.  Wellbutrin really helped to conteract these side effects and gave me even energy during the day.	The only side effects from Wellbutrin is that sometimes I had difficulty getting to sleep if I took the dose later in the day (past noon).	The treatment includes Wellbutrin XL 300 mg.  This is a time released tablet and delivers medication during the day.  In addition, I would take Lexapro 5 to 10 mg for the aggitation and racing thoughts.  This was really helpful with anger and outbursts.  If I had trouble sleeping I would take Trazadone 10 mg at night, and if I did not have it I would take Simply Sleep or Tylenol PM, but only one tablet.  Sometimes I would cut the Trazadone in half for a 5 mg dose.  I have had low grade anxiety and depression for many years.  I have been menopausal for 4 years.  I have a lot of stress in my life with two teenage boys and we live in a high end community outside D.C. with cut throat competition on every corner.
THe zomig nasal spray is generally very effective in curing migraine. 80% of the time the pain is 75% or more gone within an hour. Another 15% of the time it takes up to 2 hours.  5% of the time the pain is only lessen.  However lately some of the single dose units do not discharge the medication properly. Instead of a spray, you get a drop or two.  When this happens, the frequency of the pain not going away by at least 75% goes up. A couple of times it seemed virtually ineffective.  If the quality control doesn't improve, I may have to switch to a different Triptan.	Generally I fell a little dull or numb in the head, very slightly dizzy. Rarely there is a little tightness in the chest.	Since insurance only covers 2 per week and the doctor doesn't want me to take it too ofter for fear of rebound headaches, I generally wait until the headache is fairly bad and is interfering with my ability to work.  I will frequently take Tramadol, ibuprofen, naproxen, or acetophenamin earlier. These work maybe 25% of the time, or take the pain down enough so that I can avoid taking the tripan.
The treatmen was very effective as it helped keep pores clean due to exfoliation. the acne deminished after regular use for around 3 weeks, although it seemed to increase at first. This was expected according to directions.	the only side effects were a little irritability of the skin around the nose and eyes. Maybe because some product gets trapped in the deeper wirinkles in that area, so must be careful to distribute evenly.	I am very delighted with the medecine, to the point where I feel addicted to it and don't ever want to go without it again. My skin feels much smoother, with almost no blemishes, except duting PMS times. I also feel like I look younger and healthier due to renuwed skin.
blood pressure medicine currently controling BP well. thyroid medication keeps TSH level at optimum level. No side effects from either medication. Very low dose of both	no side effects that were at all bothersome. BP medicine makes me sleepy so I take at night. No side effects that I can tell from thyroid medicine	I take BP medicine 1 time per day each day. I take at night due to issues with drowsiness. Thyroid medicine is taken 1 time per day in the morning. MD recommended Synthroid rather than generic form
"If there were benefits, they were minimal. The only thing I noticed was how dry my skin became

from use of Metrogel."	Dry skin.	"I was prescribed Metrogel for my moderate case of Rosacia. I took the prescription for almost

9 months. I applied a thin layer daily after washing my face in the evenings. After 9 months I

expected to see a slight difference in appearance of my skin, but did not. The only noticeable

affect I saw was how dry my skin became. And with it being a very expensive product, I 

was very disappointed."
Very effective reduction in pain from an injury, and later when having vulvar vestibulitis flare ups.	When I took it twice a day for a week for an injury, my stomach got upset.  Taking one 500mg dose daily just a few days a week I only notice a very subtle spaciness, but I'm very drug sensitive.	500mg twice a day for injuries....then 500mg here and there for spot pain reduction.  I used after deep physical therapy work that may make my pain worse - seemed pretty effective.
Muscle pain from fibromyalgia was reduced; able to more actively participate in life activities.	fatigue, decreased mental acuity, weight gain.	Once I started taking Lyrica, it took a couple of weeks to gain full advantage of its benefits. Originally, I has been places on a dose of 200mg three times a day, which I believe what was recommended for fibromyalgia. The resultant relief of pain was pretty good. However, I found myself very tired and mentally dull. I switched doctors and was given the reduced dosage of 75mg. twice a day. Although my pain relief results have not been as good, I do still have some relief while at the same time being able to be more alert and functional.
This drug literally changed my life and I wish I had started taking it earlier in life.  So many problems would have been solved for me. I was never happy, cryed often and had no self worth at all.  I was also very anxious and uncomfortable around people and avoided many social situations because of this.  In short I was not enjoying anything at all about life or work!  When I started taking Zoloft (under my doctor' care) it was like a miracle for me.  I went back to school!  I pursued a new career (my old job was nothing other than a hiding place for me) I blossomed!  I honestly do not know if this drug has the same effect on everyone but I recommend trying it. I should be the poster child for Zoloft.  I am still taking it and may be for the rest of my life.  As for people who complain about anti-depressants, there is only one thing to say to them, They obviously have never known the debilitating effects of depression!	No libido	I started taking 50 mg. of Zoloft for about a month while my doctor monitored me.  And then he gradually increased the dosage.
The treatment benefit of the pharmaceutical drug named Biaxin included assistance with the eradication of the cell wall deficient bacteria named Borrelia Burgdorferi. In combination with the Flagyl, which breaks down the biofilm that the Borrelia bacteria protect themselves from hostile environments including exposure to antibiotics, the Biaxin can kill the bacteria when they emerge from their biofilms which is weakened by Flagyl.	I only experienced one side effect from this medication which I will mention as follows. The side effect that experienced throughout the course of treatment was the persuasive bitter taste in the mouth. Other than that single side effect I did not experience any other side effects that I am aware of.	The treatment details using the combination of Biaxin and Flagyl together was to assist in the eradication of the cell wall deficient bacteria called Borrelia Burgdorferi. The Flagyl was prescribed to be taken in a five hundred milligram dose twice a day with food as was the same for Biaxin.
reduce elevated pressure in the eyes and relieve hypertension.	Noticable growth of eyelashes, becomes thicker and lusher because of the eye drops.	The drug prevents elevated IOP (intraocular pressure) the higher the IOP, the greater the likelihood of optic nerve damage, which can lead to vision loss and potential blindness.
completely ended panic attacks,most sweating,most blushing,much discomfort.	more anxiety at first for about 3 weeks. some headaches,nausea	I started the medicine 8-10 years ago and took the medicine religously to begin with. Took about 4 weeks to really make a difference. However, did notice change after only a couple weeks. I slack off many times and after a day or two of missed pills I notice dizziness and mild headache plus some nausea. Not good to do, but it happens. After being on the medicine as many years as I have, I don't think it is as effective as others may be, but I have tried many...Prozac,Zoloft and numerous others I don't remember the name of and nothing worked as well for me as Paxil..Another note is that anxiety runs in my family and a few aunts and uncles in my family have had the same good luck with Paxil. I often wonder since we are related if it treats something in our brain the same as it seems to work for this family??? Something to think about if you know someone else in your family that suffers from depression or other mental illness.
Depending on how severe the case is the dermatitis clears up in one to two weeks. The overall appearance of my skin improves as well as it improves any hormone or stress related 'spots'. (It is also used as adjunctive therapy to treat acne).	Dry skin and slight skin pigmentation.	Initially 100mg twice daily followed by 50mg twice daily
no more monthly periods	slight spotting for more than 7 days each cycle	Since Nov 2007 I have been taking Lybrel to avoid my period. According to the manufacturer it is normal to have spotting for the first 6-12 month. I had many days of spotting until this July- so for 8 month. Since this August I had no more bleeding.
Treatment was for cystic acne. The dermatologist prescribed erythomyicin for treatment. Saw the dermatologist biweekly and the dermatologist would give me a check over. The dermatologist then would ask if I was doing anything different, and then would proceed to give me a new prescription for the erythromycin.	The erthyromycin was prescribed for cystic acne. The erthyromycin is an orally administrated drug for the treatment of bacterial infections. Gastrointestinal disturbances, such as diarrhea, nausea, abdominal pain, and vomiting, are fairly common.  Although I did not have any vomiting reactions the other disturbances did occur. The treatment with the erthyromycin did not relieve the cystic acne. I was taking the erythromycin three times a day for almost one year and there were no noticeable results.	The dermatologist would see me every other week for and check my cystic acne. The medical tech. person would first check me and ask questions regarding any changes in what I was doing and how the medication was working and if there were any side effects.  The dermatologist would then come into the room and check my cystic acne. The dermatologist would then ask if I was doing anything different and then would ask if I was taking my medication and ask if I was on any other medications.  He wouild ask if there were any bad side effects to the medication and then would give me another prescription for another round of medication treatment. This would go on for about one year of visits and prescriptions.  There was not any change in the cystic acne of any great degree.
Went from approx. 17 migraine days a month to approx. 4 migraine days a month while taking topamax and erinn.  (Before adding erinn, was down to approx. 8 migraine days a month.)  Topamax seemed to greatly lessen the hypersensitivity of my brain to overreact to triggers such as changes in altitude, barometric pressures, humidity levels, environmental triggers such as smoke, strong smells, loud noises, and food triggers such as dark chocolate.  Before topamax all of these things would cause migraines to start very easily.  After settling in on topamax these things didn't bother me like they used to.	When first starting the drug, diet soda tasted metallic and downright horrible.  There was definitely an adjustment period of getting used to the drug and increasing the dosage in small increments was important.  I could feel changes in my brain that are hard to describe.  Almost like the top was a little bit "lifted".  It was worth getting through this period for the results, though.  They definitely went away as my body got accustomed to the drug.  Once that happened, the migraines lessened and one pleasant side effect was that I didn't snack as often.  No "mindless munching."  I lost some weight without trying.  I felt that it was difficult to retrieve thoughts or find the right word at times.  I found it would take a few seconds longer to put my thoughts into words.  Felt a little "spacey."  As I mentioned before, I got through it after getting used to the drug.  It took several weeks but after having 17 migraine days a month and going down to 8 it was worth it.	Started at 25mg 2x a day for several days and started titrating up by adding 25mg to the evening dose every 3-4 days, depending on how I felt.  Got up to 100 mg. a day for the first year.  After moving and talking to my new doctor, she suggested increasing the dose to see if I could have less migraines than the 10-12 I was having so I titrated up to 200mg a day and my migraines went down to 8 a month.
There weren't any significant benefits.	I felt groggy, sick to my stomach and had a general "heavy" feeling all of the time. Also gave me a mild headache	Only required to take it once a day with meals
Not so emotional a week before and during my menstrual cycle. Relieved thoughts of suicide as well as given me more energy through that rough patch of my PMS cycle. Feelings have also calmed down with my loved ones. As I can be more relaxed as my anxiety level feels like it's at it's all time low.	I can only sleep a couple of hours a night while taking the pill. A day after the last pill is taken, I have a headache for about a couple of days.	Two weeks out of the month I take 20 mg, every morning. I start on a Sunday a week before my menstrual cycle. Finish up the months' treatment 14 days later. ( which ends on a Saturday )
I did not see any significant benefits for treating the histamine reaction- which was due to a bug bite and subsequent allergic response.  Sensations and symptoms included inflammation, redness, swelling to the point of limited mobility (bite was on hand) and itching, which the Xyzal did not effectively treat; however, the xyzal appeared to help with the seasonal allergies related to hay fever.  For the topical condition, diphenhydramine was preferred.	Drowsiness.  Slight dizziness, but not remarkable.  I also thought that the drug's slow-release effect may not be as modulated as one would hope since the drowsiness and related symptoms came in spurts rather than in a constant flow, if you know what i mean.  I did not find that caffeine was helpful to promote alertness and I was nervous about driving while taking this particular medication.	I took the every evening every 24 hours for 14 days, according to my doctor's instructions.  He did not want me to "mix antihistamines" and even though I thought Benadryl might be more effective, I didn't want a drug that would make me that sleepy and also that I would have to take every 6 hours, as opposed to every 24 hours.  I would have prefferred a Xyzal dose that i could take every 12 hours, and then i could use benadryl at night without worrying about mixing anti-histamines, but since this was not possible I just used the Xyzal plus topical antihistamine creme on site of bug bite.
the first week it did help supress my cravings, but my stomache felt hungry. as soon as i did eat, i would realize how hungry i really was. i lost 4 lbs in my first week. second week, no hunger pains and still no cravings. i'm on my third week and i've lost 7 lbs.	mild insomnia. mild headaches only occasionally. a major one for me is i get dizzy when i stand up. oh, and more sweating with physical activity.	i take it in the morning. i COULD go about 700 calories a day with this pill but to make sure my metabolism doesn't get messed up, i try to eat about 1200. and i'm still losing weight. i would reccomend this to younger users, but over the age of 18 only.
relief from burning associated with reflux	slight nausea during the first 24 hours.	Part of my treatment plan was to undergo an endoscopy to find out what the problem was initially.  The doctor who performed the endoscopy prescribed the Zantac.  In the first 24 hour period I felt no differently, but the second day I started to feel alot better.  At the end of the two weeks period of taking 2x tabs per day I felt completely back to normal.  I ceased taking the Zantac after my follow up visit with the doctor but was advised to keep some handy for future use.
I took Celexa for approximately 6 months and I found it to be totally ineffective. This was not surprising considering I have taken several other psychotropic (SSRI's) drugs, with the same ineffectiveness. I'm finally thinking mabye I don't have a serotonin deficiency, and mabye there are other issues. Going back to dr. to see if there may be another course of action.	sexual side effects, yawning, dry mouth	40mg. daily for 6 months.
There has been a noticeable reduction in acne. Overall my skin is much smoother. I have sensitive skin and rosacea. It has not exasperated my rosacea like other tretinoin treatments have. I have been very happy with it. It's the best drug I've used for acne so far.	My sensitive skin, will still peel regardless but especially if irritated by winter dryness or rubbing against my partner's beard. I have peeled with every tretinoin product I've tried and this is the least bothersome. I am also more sensitive to the sun. Unlike other drugs, I have not ever cracked or felt discomfort unless I get excesssive sun or dryness. I don't use it every day in the winter.	I spread this on my entire face every night on clean skin. In the winter, I follow with a moisturizer. In the morning, I use metrogel daily. When I have more of a breakout - and it's hard for me to sometimes differentiate acne from rosacea - I will also take Oracea for a week. If I know that I will be spending quite a bit of time outside then I will take a break from it.
About two years ago Lexapro had totally stopped working and I was trying many different drugs from pristiq, welbutrin, cymbalta, none of which worked. After a few days on welbutrin I experienced the worst panic attack ever. I thought the end was near. I had had them in the past, but nothing like this. It probably lasted only about 5 minutes but seemed an eternity. The rest of that particular day I was completely exhausted. That was a Sunday and the following day my family doctor stopped all my meds and switched me over to clonazepam and zoloft. It's been a year now and I haven't felt this well in a long time. Minimal side effects.	Maybe a little bit of drowsiness from time to time, but other than that nothing else.	Just visit the doctor from time to time and take klonopin twice a day and my 200 mgs of zoloft once a day.
reduced severity of hot flashes, decreased vaginal dryness	increase in migraines	Daily use of drug was generally effective in reducing severity of hot flashes, but at 1.5 mg I still had them.  However, I didn't want to increase the possibility of more severe side effects, so I was willing to put up with some discomfort.  I am concerned about continuing to take it for years.
lower blood pressure	In the beginning headaches, now my blood pressure is much lower and I don't spend most of the day running to the bathroom like I took a diuretic.	When I started taking paxil, I was severely depressed.  When I woke up in the morning, I would sit on the side of the bed for around 30 minutes before I could finally get up and start getting ready for work and then I would still cry until around 12 noon.  After taking paxil for about 3 days, I had a job as a courier and I caught myself singing and dancing to a song on the radio.  I couldn't believe it, I had not done that for about 5 months.  Also there was the great side effect of appetite loss, especially at first, where I had actually forgotten to eat all day on several occasions.  I still take paxil today, and I my emotional state is more balanced. I am also happy with the amlodopine.
I'm using tretinoin to reduce the wrinkles around my eyes. So far I am happy with it- although even as an anti wrinkle treatment improves my skin- I continue to age- so it's an uphill battle. I do my best to take care of myself and had heard that this might help battle the little signs of age on my face. So far I'm pretty happy- nothing drastic, but hopefully continued use will help me to age gracefully and not drastically.	Definitely some peeling in the first 2-4 weeks especially around my chin. I also noticed that applying other products- like facial wash and sunscreen had a slight burning during the earlier stages.	I wash my face in the evening, let it dry, and apply the cream. It recommended that I wait 20-30 minutes after washing but I generally don't have that kind of time- I think that's to avoid irritation which isn't a problem anyway.
Significant reduction in perseveration; increased flexibility; reduction in obsessions such as the weather leading to ability to cope better with daily events, unexpected changes, disappointments etc.and increased ability to interact more appropriately socially	Some initial impact to sleep patterns, some weight gain	Initial dosage of 20 mgs, increased gradually to 60 mgs and maintained at that level have helped significantly with obsessions and impact of adolescence.
Reduced anxiety, less irritability, levelized moods.	Odd sensation in the head, somnolence, teeth grinding.	Started at 75 mg/day and increased over 3-4 months to 300 mg/day. Continued improvement and reduction of symptoms as dosage increased. Renewed period of side effects with each increase, lasting not more that 2-3 days. Also, odd, vivid dreams occur ocassionaly, but not enough to be a problem.
Fell asleep quickly, slept 7 hrs., woke up without hangover	Didn't work as well some of the time, woke up mid-way, some hangover effects	Ambien CR is a basically effective treatment for sleeplessness, although I have experienced incidents where contrary to the ads I have woken up midway through the night, I have had a groggy, hard to wake up feeling the next day lasting for several hours. There have also been reports of sleep eating, walking, awake but asleep incidents that I personally have not experienced, although it can affect you differently each  time you take it.
Able to cope more successfully during panic attacks and acute anxiety episodes. Able to sleep better at night (get to sleep).	The only side effects noticed were dry eyes upon waking in the morning.	Took 0.5 mg Xanax as needed for anxiety, prescribed by primary care physician. Was very helpful in getting me through an extremely stressful time of my life.
The flare ups of fibromyalgia seemed to subside considerably. I was able to actually get out of bed during the day. I still, however, have bouts of pain; especially if I try to reduce the amount I take during the day.	Occasional upset stomach, dependency on taking the drug.	Taken as a pill three times a day.
For seasonal allergies, I would highly recommend Zyrtec.  I have had allergy shots to no avail, and have suffered from seasonal allergies my whole life.  While the side effects that I experienced were annoying, they did not negate the benefits of taking the medicine. It made all of my allergy symptoms disappear (itchy eyes, hayfever, nasal congestion etc)  The side effects were extreme cotton mouth, and I mean extreme. It also very much interrupted a restful night sleep.  However, as annoying as these are, it was worth it to have the affect of the drug itself in dealing with seasonal allergies.	Dry Mouth, Lack of sleep	For seasonal allergies, I would highly recommend Zyrtec.  I have had allergy shots to no avail, and have suffered from seasonal allergies my whole life.  While the side effects that I experienced were annoying, they did not negate the benefits of taking the medicine. It made all of my allergy symptoms disappear (itchy eyes, hayfever, nasal congestion etc)  The side effects were extreme cotton mouth, and I mean extreme. It also very much interrupted a restful night sleep.  However, as annoying as these are, it was worth it to have the affect of the drug itself in dealing with seasonal allergies.
Tramadol decreases the severity of pain associated with neck movement. It is not an opiate however it does provide pain relief (for me) along the lines of a mild narcotic without the "euphoric" or mind numbing effects. It allows me greater latitude of neck movement. It is very evident to me when the medication is wearing off as I can no longer turn my neck more than approximately 25 degrees. This drug has been a lifesaver for me and can sometimes even head off my milder migraines.	I've personally experienced no side effects other than an occasional jerky type feeling in my movements. I have heard from others that this medication, although non narcotic can be difficult to cease due to withdrawal symptoms. Personally I have  had no problem with this. This medication has been known to cause seizures and is not to be taken by anyone who has experienced a seizure.	I take two 50 mg. tablets as needed up to three times a day.
Taking this medication twice a day has kept my blood pressure within the "normal" range; even though I am over-weight. I do exercise everyday, although very minimally. I think it is just the medication that is keeping my blook pressure so low.	Sometimes, I feel a bit of light-headedness and dizzy. Sometimes sleepy. Although it is hard to tell if this is just from the medication or some other reason. But overall I am happy with the medication and plan on continuing to take it as long as I need to.	Before I started taking the medication, my blood pressure was extremely high. I didn't exercise much and I am was over weight. At my doctor's orders, I began taking the medication and it took a while to take effect, but when it did, it has and still continues to keep my blood pressure within the normal range. I continue to be over-weight, and I only exercise minimally, but everyday.
My infection cleared up almost before the dosage was done. Has not come back.	Mild upset stomach.	I took this once a day for eight days for a vaginal bacterial infection. I only had slight side effects of an upset stomach after taking the pill; probably because I had not eaten  much on those days. My infection cleared up noticably before the treatement was through. I feel it was very effective.
"I was experiencing significant, rapid hair loss along the temples and top of the scalp (just behind hairline). My crown was relatively unaffected.



Crown: The same, maybe better



Top of scalp: Exceptional. Considerable regrowth, hair came back thicker.



Hairline/Temples: Considerable re-growth. Not back to ""normal"", but still very impressive. 



Propecia has shown the most benefit in clinical studies + real world practice in the crown area.

Its benefits are less pronounced as it nears the hairline. This has been my experience.



Hair loss stopped within 6 months,

significant re-growth @ 9 months. 

Re-growth continued thru 18 months, then has pretty much slowed down / stopped.



I have 3 close friends who also take it, all have had excellent.  results.            

         

For all who take Propecia, wait a full year before making a decision to discontinue."	"Some mild erection problems. Nothing anywhere bad enough where I would even CONSIDER stopping.

However I am 27 now...can't be 18 forever."	"Easy, one tab in the AM.

That's it."
In the beginning of my treatment for type 2 diabetes, I found the benefits of Glucophage or metformin for me to be two-fold.  Number one, metformin did seem to lower my blood sugar over a short amount of time in the beginning.  Number two, as a medication I found necessary in my life, I have found it fairly inexpensive to purchase as a generic drug.	The treatment side effects I experienced were in the beginning.  At the very start of taking Glucophage, I had diarrhea.  It did go away after some time on the drug.	I take 1000 mg caplets; one in the morning with my breakfast and one in the evening with my dinner.
Cleared up the infection.  I had been on a less effective antibiotic a week earlier, which had not worked.	I got a small rash on my arms right after finishing all the pills.	I took 1 400 MG pill per day for 5 days and got plenty of rest and drank plenty of fluids.  (My lymph nodes and thyroid glands were swollen and I generally felt ill.)
Quick decrease in amount of acne; improved skin texture. Overall, the action of the drug was quite quick and effective, and my acne was resolved within the first 2 months of treatment	I experienced dry skin like many other users of this drug, as well as some joint pain. Part of my treatment period was during the winter, during which I was also prone to nose bleeds and fragile skin.	I took two 20mg pills daily following a meal with a moderate amount of fat (more than 10 grams). The time of day I took the medication varied depending on when I would be consuming a moderate-fat meal.
None.  I was told it would take 6 weeks for the medicine to accumulate and become completely effective.  It did not produce any results that were apparent.  Not in inflammation reduction or in pain reduction due to the inflammation were any results ascertainable.  I suffered while waiting for this medication to do anything.  Further, you are told to consume food to protect the lining of your stomach from this medication.  Not always something you want to do when you are experiencing a lot of pain because pain can make you feel like vomiting.	Stomach issues, burning  The more adverse affect was the constant pain due to the continuing inflammation with the added and increasing reduction in movement, and muscle usage.  Worst, was the waste of time.  Another med could have been prescribed in the time I used this medicine that would have been more effective and time healing would not have been wasted.  In fact, another anti-inflammatory was prescribed that provided immediate benefits (30 minutes) without the build-up in your system that the M.D. and pharmacist said Naprosyn requires before it becomes effective.	Tried various dosages from the lowest, to more frequency.  It simply had little affect on inflammation or pain.  No other pain medication was added to this treatment and no other medication was given.  I had a car accident and suffered whiplash, thoracic muscle strain, herniation of entire lumbar region, etc.  Inflammation was rampant from hip level up.  Any relief would have been noted and appreciated.  Another drug was later prescribed, another anti-inflammatory, which proved just how much the naprosyn did not work.  I had immediate pain relief in 30 minutes and notable inflammation reduction very quickly.  In fact, after a 3 week loading of this drug, I was able to get out of bed, move around, and be functional!  The Doctor insisted on trying this level, Naprosyn, first and then changed after 6 weeks, to supposedly stronger medication in some kind of protocol progression.  I now tell my doctors which medication works and refuse anything else.  They waste time on ineffective medications allowing suffering.  I saw the doctors within the 6 week period declaring and their noting how ineffective this medication was.
"Less tired, less sleepy, more motivated for working and daily chores. Much less of headaches and Fioricet worked better when I had ones.

Naproxen 500 mg relieved the arm pain for 7 hours."	Decreased sex emotions was the main side effect of Paxil, it made me somewhat numb. As to Fioricet , it seemed to me I became used to it, overtime I needed 2 tabs. to kill headache, instead of one tab. as it used to be.	Paxil has been taken regularly for 4 years, then stopped by myself. I had to restart it after 2 months, because some symptoms did return.
Very heavy smoker.  Was able to reduce smoking to half pack per day in the run up to totally quitting.  Then was able to quit.	Skin itching; insomnia, strong urine smell; weight gain	The side effects, aside from the weight gain, were tolerable enough to enable me to quit.  I have back slid a couple of times and found taking the pill for a few days resolved the problem.  It has been a year since I first started taking the drug.
My doctor has this combined with Hydroxozine and I feel wonderful.  I have taken Paxil, Lexapro and a few others since I was about 12.  I would def. say that this drug combination has worked the best.  The first two weeks I experienced withdrawls from my other med(Lexapro) but after that, I am great and back to new :)	For the first couple of weeks I had withdrawls from prior medication.  But that is all I have experienced.	I believe that this, and the hydroxozine are a miracle drug combo.  I have suffered from anxiety since around age 7 and I finally have a "normal"  life.
Treatment benefits include clear, glowing skin, regular menstrual cycles, and reliable birth control.	Treatment side effects include breast tenderness for about a month after first doseage, and some ovular soreness.	Treatment details include taking a pill eachday at the same time for maximum effectiveness in preventing pregnancy, and taking the 5 placebo pills to help remember to take a pill every day.
Differin has practically eliminated my acne.  I also used it on my forehead, where I have brown spots from a college-days sunburn (appx 10 years ago).  The spots have clearly faded, though are not completely gone.	Side effects were peeling and some redness, but only occurred the time that i used too much Differin.  I knowingly put more than prescribed on my chin in hopes of getting rid of an outbreak before vacation.  The redness and peeling was very noticeable.	Treatment includes adding only about 1/3 pea sized amount to my chin area and the same amount to my forehead after cleansing at night.  This I do daily.  I combined this with a regular alpha-hydroxy exfoliation night creme (applied after the Differin dries) in order to catalyze (by my own approximation) the skin rejuvenation/renewal.
My father became extremely depressed following his mild stroke. About 2 weeks after we increased the dose from 10-20mg, there was a significant change in his attitude and he embraced life again.	Occasional light-headedness.	After his mild stroke, my Dad could not continue his previously active routine. He hated not being able to drive his new car to meet his friends for their daily breakfast. He was always on the go, even at home he was constantly puttering with gadgets & watching stocks on the computer. All of this had suddenly been taken from him and he was angry & frustrated that he was unable to do these previously simple tasks. Depression set in and he just gave up on life. He would even dream that he was dead. He cried & moaned a lot (my Dad never cried before). I was pleased with the results from this medication.
It was very good in controlling the panic attacks. Before taking it I was even unable to drive my car down the road without having a panic attack. I worked liked magic from the very first dose. I could resume to being close to feeling like a normal person again.  It worked well for panic attack prevention.	There were no real side effects other than a dry mouth. I still suffered from some anxiety symtoms such as feeling a bit nervous restless, sometimes had trouble sleeping. If I drank alcohol at the same time in small amounts, I felt even better and seemed to have no bad feeling at all but that was short lived, and as I found out later on also dangerous. And Just don"t ever stop taking it suddenly. Thats also very dangerous.	The treatment was to take three 1 mg tablet a day, with food. The trouble was that I became very reliant on the medication and felt I needed to keep taking it. Then one day I decided to quit and I just stopped taking it. I don"t know why I did not  slowly wean myself off over a couple of weeks. Over the course of the next three days I never got out of the house I was sick, shaking uncontrollably, having hallucinations both audial and visual I thought I was going to die. I felt like  hell. A friend found me and took me to the doctor. It was the worst feeling I have ever felt in my life it was the withdrawal symptoms from the drug. All I needed to do was take more, but I felt to afraid. To this day I cant tell you why I just could"nt think straight.
My acne has definatly cleared up and my period is so much better and lighter. unlike all the other adds i had absolutly no bleed through.	I have gotten migranes since i was a teenager and since starting this pill i feel they are more likely.	I really like seasonique. i love only having four periods a year
When I first began taking the Ritalin, I noticed a dramatic effect on my mood.  I felt wonderful!  I was energetic and positive and I felt that I could handle anything that came my way.  I don't want to sound as though I felt euphoric or manic - I just felt really GOOD about life.  However, after only a few days, that sense of confident well-being drained away.	Initially, the medication kept me awake all night but that only happened for a night or two.  I take them on an empty stomach in the morning and sometimes my hands shake very slightly for a while but it's not enough to cause any problems.	My psychiatrist put me on it to 'give a boost' to my other antidepressant.  He says I am taking a miniscule amount, and that I could increase the dosage if I wished but I have been reluctant to do so.  Perhaps I should - I may not be taking enough to be effective but I am on three different antidepressants and I feel uneasy about sharply increasing the Ritalin dose.  In short, initially, I felt GREAT but now I feel just the same as ever - struggling with the thoughts that cause lack of energy & enjoyment in many spheres of life.
I felt reduced anxiety and compulsions;  less need for perfection;  better able to live with "good enough"; less stress and happier; no more depression.	Ihad to stop nursing; constipation (must take 2 stool softeners per day); it killed my sex drive; skipping more than two days causes serious headaches, after three days of missed meds you go into withdrawal...much like heroin withdrawal.  Never have I been so ill or wanted to die.	Along with psychotherapy, I started taking prozac, with no effect after 2 months.  I switched to paxil with constipation and I needed at least 10 hours of sleep to come out of it each morning. I switched to selexa with no effect.  I then tried zyprexa  which caused me to gain 10 lbs in a month, gave me memory loss and I started lactating again.  By then, they had come out with paxil-cr (extended release) and I have been on that ever since.  I would like to switch to something that doesn't kill my sex drive and make me want to die when I go off of it, but I am afraid to stop without the proof of something else working better.
Lunesta allowed me to have a restful nights sleep, every night, even sleeping through "hot flashes."  In combination with cutting out tv at least one hour before bed, a hot bath, and occassionally meditiation - I had a sound sleep and awoke rested and revived.	I did not have the much talked about "bad taste" in my mouth.  I did have a "hung over" feeling but not often, and the feeling went away within 5 minutes of waking.	The treatment worked for me:  I enjoyed a good nights sleep and awoke rested and revived.  Any side effects were minimal and infrequent.  I have tried many other medications over the years and this one is the most satisfactory.
reduced bleeding and inflamation initially, then less bloating, diareaha and nausea.	some sunlight sensitivity (sunburn more easily) and reduced sperm count.	began with two 500mg tablets three times a day by mouth.  reduced to twice a day after six months.  symptoms gradually subsided in the first three months.  on maintenance dose currently.
Definitely lifted mood. Helped me feel full and able to turn down unhealthy snacks.  Helped me eat reasonable portions.	Occasional headache.  Mild occasional insomnia	Taken once a day it acts as a mood lifter and helps you feel full with less food.  It helped me take off a few pounds.  However, it is only a tool and patient has to be diligent about monitoring hunger and deciding to limit portions.  It's easy to "eat around" the drug and overeat. For short term weight loss or to help lose 10 -15 lbs it is great. VERY expensive...$125 for one months supply.
helped me stop smoking.  I have tried to quit cold turking before and used other treatments, like laser and hypnosis.  Neither worked as well as chantix.  For the first time I was able to not have an urge to smoke.  I could see people around me smoking and it didnt cause me to want a cigarette	"dry mouth, vivid weird dreams, headache, nausea,  

sleep problems (trouble sleeping, or vivid, unusual, or strange dreams), 

constipation, gas,vomiting.  Ive heard that it also causes depression, and some people have suffered with suicidal thoughts.  People sometimes became agitated, it increased their depression level."	"After filling your prescription, you choose a quit date, and begin taking the medication one week before your quit Date.  You get a starter package with a pill(s) for the first weekYou take one tablet every morning for 3 days.  On the forth date you take one in the morning and one at night.  You can use a support plan, called getquit to help you during weeks 2-12.After the first week, you continue to take a pill in the morning and one at night, it comes in a different package then the one you used the 1st week and is a higher dosage.



 support plan. We offer one ??? it's called GETQUIT???. Enroll today 

Weeks 2???12 



On your quit date, you'll try to stop smoking completely. And you'll begin using the blue Continuing Week packages, which contain blue tablets. If you slip up and smoke, it's okay. Just keep taking CHANTIX and keep trying to quit 

For the next 12 weeks, you'll be taking two blue tablets a day, one in the morning and one in the evening, or as prescribed by your doctor.  You should tell your doc about any other perscriptions your taking and any other health problems before starting"
Acne improved within 2 weeks and skin considerably less oily within 1 week.	Increased apetite and sore breasts	1 tablet daily
I began taking the drug to control my Bulimia, which was the main symptom of my depression.  It also helped me stop smoking.	Very few.  I noticed right away that I had trouble sleeping from my high dosage.  My ddoctor then prescribed 40mg / day of Celexia to counteract the restlessness.	After about 1 month of taking the drug, the bingeing and purging decreased greatly.  (from maybe 4 or 5 times /day to about once a month, if that.  After 6 years of being on the medication, my Bulimia is under control and depression seems situational.
Genotropin-aids in sleep cycle and helps counter the sagging skin & loss of muscle tone lost w/ this illness due to inactivity(see explain. below) also provides overall systemic support (deep sleep & activity stimulate release of hGH; both of which I've lost ability to do). Other P.M. meds address various stages of sleep; clonoapem=stage 1 or quieting down mind & trazadone helps me get deep sleep of which I was totally deprived (when hGH is suppose to be released) of as revealed in sleep study. I now actually fall asleep for more than 2 hr stretches (3-4 hrs now) and can get back to sleep (still need to refine regiment so I can get a normal nights sleep-of greatest importance for healing process). Detrol LA calms the hypersensitivity of the bladder was getting up 4-8 times each night to relieve very small amounts of urine (whole nervous system STUCK in over stimulated state) Gabapentin is a miracle for Restless Legs. A.M. meds. Adderall-some relief from "brain fog"(typical w/ illness) but find it helps keep my blood sugar level more stable and don't reach for as many "sugar fixes" (always suffered from Hypoglycemia but more severe w/ ME/CFS) which results in 20+ lb. weight gain due to inability to be active(another time hGH is released)(post exertional malaise is cornerstone of illness i.e. any exertion beyond minimal causes greater level of illness-leaves me bedridden/sofa-bound for days-weeks-months @ a time) Levothyroxine(spell?)is for Hasimoto's disease (form of hypothyroid) Wellbutrin (now Budipropion[spell?]keeps physiological depression at bay. That's all I can think of for now:(	The combo of sleep meds leave me in a very grogged out state sometimes for hours if I'm not able to get 10-11 hours of sleep/wake time-rather staying/resting in bed between sleeping & waking. hGH has the side effect of water retention but being stuck in a chronic dehydrated state (fluid goes right through me as opposed to into cells)I suppose part of the reason for sagging, old dehydrated skin-been ill since age 36 and am describing a state beyond normal for age.	I think I summed this up when describing treatment benefits.  But I'd like to add here that much of my daytime difficulties arise from how quickly exhaustion sets in from the mildest activity, sometimes just walking across the room. On the rare days I can get out a run local errands I come back so exhausted & in pain, it causes me to avoid doing so as much as possible.  Another issue is low blood volume-which means low oxygen available so have sudden and very high lactic acid levels from climbing a few flights of stairs or anything that demands immediate demanding effort. Low O2 to brain leaves me faint and lose train of thought, confusion, high agitation from over sensory load-like the brain short circuits. Could write EVEN more this is such a horribly cruel "life-ending" curse.  I am not dead but I lost my life back in 97.
I used this drug as an alternative to Retin A. In that regards it worked admirably.  Retin A users have a period of almost 3 months where there skin (usually face) is tremendously red.  Tazorac has little of this.  I only would only get this about every 7 days or so and was cured easily with hydrocortisone.	As above, the drug has similar side effects to Retin-A, exept for the fact that they are far less frequent and far less severe.  As above, this effect only occurred about every 7 days or so and was cured easily with hydrocortisone. However, the results were completely worth it, as it eliminated many wrinkles in my skin, and the texture it left behind was much more cosmetically appealing.	I purchased a full 60 gram tube.  It was like $10 with my insurance.  I would first wash my face with Neutogena deep facial cleaner.  After letting dry 30 minutes, I would start to apply the Tazorac.  I would dispemse a pea-shaped amount on my finger and then dab my my cheeks, near my eyes, my chin, and my forehead.  Then rub in.  After about another 30 minutes, I would place on moisturizer.
i has severe melasma to the cheeks, top of nose, chin and forehead. Dark spots where reduced to almost nothing!	mild peeling thats it but i was also putting on SPF30 non greasy suntan gel on my face three times a day. That is what the doctor recomended to decrease side effects from sun exposure. It worked!!	tri-luma at night very thin layer, less is better. in the am apply this SPF 30 gel at 8-12-4 q4 hours yes i know i thought that was alot but it worked. im a nurse and doctor explained the you get UV rays even from normal lights. i seen results 3 days into the treatment. the doctor told me to stop using all these other things for my face. it simple-wash my face with a nice facial cleasing bar of soap-apply triluma at night-SPF30 three times a day. minor peeling was nothing compared to the effects of this cream on my face its so pretty now and my husband loves it!!!!
Well, there were no benifets cuz it didn't even work for 4 hours after taking it. I was at school and during the lunch break, i took 1 pill. NO RESPONSE. Then after lunch I took another. Then I started getting sick, i had to leave class a few times because i thaught i was gonna puke. My mom picked me up and the pain would come and go and come and go consistantly. When I got home, after about an hour thirty, i felt completly better	Sickness, Vommiting, Sleepiness	I do not reccomend this med because it took 4 hours for a respose HOWEVER it makes the pain somewhat disappear.
Normally takes away a headache with an hour when absolutely nothing else will work.	Sometimes will give a feeling of tightness in the chest and some drowsiness.  If taken too often can cause rebound headaches.	You take one Maxalt at the onset of a migraine.  It can be repeated after two hours.
Considerably reduced dry eye and the uncomfortable itchyness that comes with dry eye.  Eye Doctor felt the dry eye was 80% better within 30 days.	There is sometimes a burning and blurred vision. The sides effect were mild and last only minutes.	Although Restasis has not and will not "cure" my dry eye and I will probably have to use it the rest of my life, it has considerably eleminated the uncormfortable symptoms.
(clonidine)It assisted in lowering my blood pressure by causing me to have a more voluminous (not more frequent)urination,when urged.Also,it aided in- depressing my agonizing hot flashes.They came at sequential intervals at time of menses and would last in that manner until completion of menses.Thereafter,they were intermitten daily.	If this is the side effect.It would be, soon after taking the meds,There is a timed-released drowsy effect that occurs,within a matter of 15-20 minutes.This is the only so-called side effect that I've experienced.But,I guess,it is a matter of where you are and what's on your agenda during this side-effect.	I'm not completely sure what to write here,that would consist of fifty words.I take (Clonidine)-0.1mg 1 tab twice daily and (Lisinopril/HCTZ)-20mgs.12.5  1tab,twice daily.I've learned to take them with food.Earlier,when introduced to these meds,upon attending a Drs. appointment and having my blood pressure checked,the reading would be high  and I felt no internal or external symptoms.The inquiry would be have you taken your meds? and I had.So,it was suggested that I try administering them with food.Thereafter,no more high readings and entered a normalized phase.
I only have mild acne but my skin improved even from that and I noticed more even, bright skin as I continued to use the product.  My skin also felt smoother and softer over time.	I have fairly sensitive skin and I only noticed the mild side effects that were listed.  Some flaking at first and a little bit of sensitivity but nothing major or worth stopping use of the product.	I simply applied a thin layer of the cream each night as presecribed and was careful to wear a good sunscreen during the day.
Yasmin is the fourth birth control pill i've tried and the only one i haven't had to discontinue due to adverse physical and emotional side effects. While on Yasmin I experienced no weight gain or moodiness whatsoever. In addition to preventing pregnancy Yasmin helped to slightly decrease my anxiety levels without a feeling of mania or malaise as is often accompanied by the use of anti-depressants. The pill also seemed to help with breakouts associated with my monthly cycle.	I had to stop purchasing the drug because the cost was $60, even with a PPO insurance plan. It took six months for my cycle to re-acclimate after beginning the hormones.	Yasmin is a birth control pill I took once a day. I personally sought out a method of birth control that I could take with minimal side effects. I was prescribed the pill after I went to my doctor and asked her to prescribe it.
Smoother skin and even skin color are the most notable benefits. With continued use, I also noticed a greater firmness to my skin.	Initial redness is common with this medication. However, this only lasts for 6 to 8 weeks.	Application once daily, at night. Use of an exfoliant the next morning is recommended.
I was able to hold and wait to use restroom and urges were less frequent.	"dry mouth

constipation"	"I've been taking 5 mg per day for a month and I felt it was losing effectiveness so incresed to 10 mg and been taking 3 month so far.

I still have some what of problem before period and have more frequent urge to goto restroom than other people but I am able to hole and wait.

It is much more controlable than I wasn't taking anything."
Well, It made me relaxed during the day, and sometimes be able to be calm. It helped my headaches a lot. I would rate it as a 9 or 10. I would recommend this drug definately!	Dry mouth and sometimes restless legs.	I was to take 10mg three times a day for headaches as needed. My doctor said if it works, I can stay on it. I recently decided to get off narcotics and this is a good medicine to take.
Complete calming effect very quickly,stops the vicious cycle from physical symtoms back to thoughts in the mind that start it all over again,Exellent drug and highly recomended.For me it made my impossible life possible again but give your body time to ajust to the drug.	Makes you tired at first and can make your body feel weird at first but that in my opinion is your body finally being able to relax.	40mg 3 times per day.
affording daily movement and ability to continue to perform daily household duties, employment, and still afford me ability to enjoy activities with husband and grandchildren.	Some stomach discomfort and mild queasiness but I found taking 1/2 tablets at a time with ample fluids usually alleviated problems.	carpal tunnel from job related injury and arthritis degeneration of my vertebrae requires daily regimine for pain and movement. Several medications tried such as ibruprofin, allieve, demoral etc caused many unpleasent and intolerable side effects. The Darvocet taken 1/2 tablet 4-6 times daily works perfectly as nearly can be expected. I also do not experience any bothersome toxicity or effectiveness problems as I generally would afford myself time-out days allowing my system a break from routines. I believe without this medication life would be greatly less enjoyable and my abilities to participate in a positive manner would be extremely limited.
differin made my skin less oily and shiney and had a very small effect on my large pore size	at the start my skin was very red. after a long period of using differin my skin started to become more oily again,but not as oily as before i started using it. also got small patches of peeling skin especially around the nose	after washing face at night i applied a thin layer over entire face every second night and washed it off in the morining
"After the first month it definetely improved my mood and my level of energy.

I became more productive at work and my overall mental health improved.

It also helps a lot with my pre menstrual syndrome anxiety."	I had very mild nausea about 30 minutes after taking it in the morning that went away after a couple weeks.	"I took the medicine 20 mg once a day for one year and had no major side effects.

Did not feel any sonolence and actually improved my sense of overall well being."
The medication stops the pain and puts an end to the condition if taken soon enough	I felt fatigued but this could be just a symptom of the condition.	I had little spots (blisters unbeknownst to me) on the side of my face which itched and burned terribly. This was about the size of a quarter.  I thought I had some sort of insect bite and just ignored it until it got worse and I felt so tired and sick that I went to the dr.  He took a culture but at that point he didn't think there was anything to test but prescribed Valtrex.  I took it immediately and within a day felt relief.  After a couple of days I felt a million times better.  I have had one or 2 re-occurances over the last 10 years and I make sure I always have Valtrex on hand just in case.  It is a terrible condition and I am thankful for Valtrex as it seems to stop it in its tracks.
I've been taking for a little over a week. This med suppresses my appetite so much that I have to remind myself to eat and have absolutely no desire for food if I don't eat. I can already tell that I've lost inches and pounds, but I haven't been on the scale to see exactly how much yet. I have only been exercising moderately, although the feeling of energy is incredible and makes me get up and do everything!!! My doctor was cautious in giving to me because of my high blood pressure, but fortunately my BP meds have my condition well under control, so I just keep track of my daily reading to ensure there are no spikes. I feel like this really works so far!	I've read the side effects, but honestly, I can't say that I've experienced more than a couple of mild headaches and feeling that slight "elated" feeling. I already experience night sweats & some insomnia due to menopause, so I can't tell a difference in those categories.	I have a 30-day supply and based on what I've read about the addiction, I have not decided if I will continue beyond a 90-day regimen.
"Acanya Gel treated cystic acne, blackheads, whiteheads, and any inflamed acne on my face. The water-based/fragrance-free gel did not cause ant stinging or burning.

Within in a month, my face is completely clear of all acne. Scars have also faded and smoothed out."	Dryness, slight redness and a small amount of peeling.	The combination of clindamycin and benzoyl peroxide is used to treat acne.  The combination of clindamycin and benzoyl peroxide works by killing the bacteria that cause acne.
this birth control pills helps your skin if u are someone who breaks out often	none really but i have increased pms symptoms around 2 weeks beforre my period etc.. certain food cravings, fatigue, muscle weakness. also lost weight from this pill as it suppresses my appetite	one pill a day preferably at the same time every day
weight loss was the major benefit of approximately 8-10 pounds.  it also improved my LDL and HDL cholesterol and also triglycerides.  my hemoglobin a1c also improved.  my fasting blood sugar only marginally improved.  pulse and blood pressure stayed the same.	mild gi upset when first started the drug with some diarrhea, but these side effects dissipated after approximately two months of use.	took 500 mg twice a day with virtually no side effects, except could not tolerate any doses higher than that because of gi upset.  continue to take it without a problem.
Reduced pain almot always, except when severe spasims occured.	Mild and only occasional constipation. Sometimes felt a little foggy in the head.	Took this drug as needed and the results are very good for reliveing severe pain.
I had increased stamina, anemia went away, heavy menses improved from anemia being treated.  My hair grew thicker as much of it had fallen out.  My dry skin was much improved.  I had a huge improvement in clarity of thought.  My tongue seemed previously swollen and I could enunciate much more effectively.	Getting the proper dose was tricky.  If dose was too high, my pulse rate skyrocketed.  If the doctor reduced my dose too quickly my hair would start to thin.	Once yearly testing of TSH. One tablet per day.
ability to stay awake, focus, do daily household chores, run needed errands & helped my organizational skills as far as bills	dry mouth. sometimes slight headaches, but not completely sure if its just from medicatation or being tired as i do have a very busy schedule,	i was prescribed 60 tablets of 20 mg. he told me to experiment myself as to what dosage worked for me, not exceeding 2 whole pills daily. normally i take one whole pill in the morning at 6:30-7 @ 1/2 at 12 and 1/2 before work at 4 pm. sometimes on the weekend i'll only take 1 because i try to have extras in case needed at another time & i dont want to build up tolerance
Taking the provigil has allowed me to keep working fulltime; otherwise I wouldn't be able to function well due to the extreme constant fatigue I experience related to MS. My neurologist suggested I try this.  It has helped considerably during the daytime with my concentration level and also has helped me to stay focused.	Provigil works well for an approximate 3 hr. period, but wears off shortly after that. I do experience slight rapid heartbeat initially and feel jittery for a short time but it goes away quickly. I currently take 100 mg. and if needed, another 100 mg. in the afternoon.  I don't take this any time after 2 pm as I'll be up all night.  I do need to take a prescribed sleeping pill in order to get to sleep since I've been on Provigil.	I initially started on 200 mg. daily and have cut back as I do have trouble getting to sleep and staying asleep.  I have been on this for 7 months and the effectiveness of Provigil is at the same level today as it was when I began.
Taking Wellbutrin has reduced my depression 8 fold.  I was better able to cope with every day decisions, events that stressed me with out crying or having angry episodes.  My moods have become stabilized since about a month after the start of taking this medicine.	I tried two other medications prior to using Wellbutrin and was quite pleased!  I had mild dry mouth for about a month and actually lost the weight i gained from prior meds and a bit more.  I still have shaking hands but it is not any worse than a cup of coffee.  I have found that my tolerance to alcohol has increased, and lately my lower back has been hurting in the area of my kidneys, but i also have lower back spasms so i could be projecting worry that the combination of Wellbutrin and wine are doing major damage to my liver and kidneys!	I started taking 150mg of Wellbutrin from April 15 to 30 in 2005 and then increased to 300mg.  I tried to take 450mg about a year ago because I felt the medicine did not seem to be working as well, but I wound up not benefiting from that dose.  I also tried to add Lexapro and gained so much weight I had to stop that medicine. I was given a generic version for about a month and I believe the pills were expired or tainted because the smelled rancid and my behavior patterns went haywire!
Although it is essential to take the medication for the full 90 days, after one week I noticed that the skin on my affected foot was looking much better. I had years of tough, thick, dry, flaky skin on my heel and pads under my toes. As each week passed, this condition continued to improve. Almost from day one I did not experience any itchy toes or feet. At the end of the 90 days, I could see healthy nails growing up from the cuticle, although it will take several more months for the entire toe-nail on each affected toe to grow long enough that I can cut away the damaged nail.	"The first few days (maybe three)of taking the drug I was a bit headachy and then experienced some mild stomach upset. After that, I was fine with no further issues.

A positive side effect was that after the treatment was over I noticed that the skin on my legs was very smooth. Previously I had rough, scaly skin which I just thought was dry skin, though I could never rid myself of it. But I guess it was part of the whole problem because now the skin is beautiful."	"I had been having regular doctor check-ups and am healthy.



During the 90 days, I was told to take the drug once per day and to also use lamisil cream on my feet every day.

About mid-way through, the doctor ordered a test for my liver, which came out fine.

Once the treatment was complete, my doctor suggested that I take one pill every month and use the cream on my feet twice per week."
Improved mood after trying several other SSRI's. Had tried Prozac and Wellbutrin and got no effect from them. I was able to function better. I was not ecstatic, but was functional and less prone to negative thinking.	a bit of feeling dull or neutral.	Maximum dosage indicated in literature is 150 mg per day.  Took two 75 mg capsules in the morning with breakfast. The medication started to work within two or three days.  However, it's expensive. I would not say that I am non-functional without it, but I believe I am more functional when taking it.
Prevention of pregnancy. I used to insert in my vagina the nuvaring and I had my period just in time. I always knew what day my period was coming.	Headaches..cramping..nausea...dizzines	One ring once a month. I had to keep the ring for three weeks in my vagina and then take it out to get my period three days after. I had to insert a new ring in the fourth week.
Immediately ameliorated symptoms and extremely efficacious when used prophylactically	Occasional mild gastrointestinal irritation when using a high dose (4000 mg)	I take 800 mg of acyclovir at the first sign of tingling along lips or tip of nose. I've found this prophylactic approach to be most efficacious if I dose at 800 mg for a day or two subsequently. In doing so, I've reduced hsv1 outbreaks from one a month to one a year. If I do get an outbreak, I dose 4000 mg per day (800 mg apprx every 2-3 waking hours) for four days then taper to 800 to 1600 mg per day for two to three more days with excellent results. If I begin dose after an outbreak has initiated, it is immediately arrested from worsening though it still will go through it's viral cycle remaining at a very small scale as long as I continue treatment as described above.
With the Topamax alone, and not myself consciously changing any of my dietary habits or exercising, I lost about 10% of my body weight in the first two months of treatment. It was like a tiny switch in my brain was flipped and I just didn't crave gargantuan massive quantities of horrible-for-you food. Not that food didn't taste good, or I wasn't hungry, I just filled up really quickly, and nothing seemed any more appealing than anything else. So when you're not just going off whatever looks yummy at that exact second and you actually stop and think about what you're about to eat, you tend to choose something a tad bit healthier and less caloric. Combine that with the fact that it would take about half the amount to fill me up, and there you have your weight loss.	Dry mouth (I was also taking Prozac at the time which definitely contributed), mild transient tingling in the hands and feet (pins and needles), I've read a lot of posts in forums online from people suffering memory problems with Topamax (i.e. dopamax), they forget words easily, have trouble spelling, feel foggy, etc... I guess I'm one of the few fortunate people whom Topamax doesn't effect that way. Either that, or the dose I'm at (200 mg) is well below my tolerance threshold. Many of the people in these forums were being treated for epilepsy and debilitating migraines and taking doses up to 1200mg.	I had done some research on Topamax online before it was even an approved treatment for migraines, and it was only FDA approved for epilepsy. While on the web I found that a surprising amount of doctors were prescribing it for off-label purposes, such as an add-on to an SSRI that wasn't working well enough in depressed patients, a mood stabilizer in patients with bipolar disorder, and (gasp!) a weight loss drug in obese patients and in those with binge eating disorder. Several convincing clinical studies have been done in all of the above categories as well. Topamax will have clearance from the FDA to be marketed for the treatment of bipolar disorder in 2010.
This medication helped me marginally to focus better and was somewhat more energetic.	I did not had much side effects, had some dry mouth at times but was manageable.	I started with low dose with 5 mg dialy, gradually increased upto 20 mg. Did not hv satisfactory results but my psychiatrist did not feel comfortable to increase the dose due to serious drug abuse potential though I absolutely hv never tried as illicit drugs including the most commonly used MJ and alcohol.
It was supposed to stop the hot flashes that were keeping me awake at night.	Left me extremely sleepy the next day to the point I had to lay down an hour after I got up and I noticed no real difference in the hot flashes.	I wanted to stop hot flashes without going on HRT medication.  My doctor recommended trying Clonidine
It helped me sleep, which at the time was miraculous.	Bad taste in mouth but the sleep was worth it.	If I could tell I was going to have a hard time sleeping, I was supposed to take the medecine about 45 minutes before going to bed.  Sometimes it was hard to realize/remember to take it ahead of time like that, but it was so fast-acting that wasn't really a problem.  I'm little, 5'2 and 120 lbs, and the doctor said it was okay to break them in half so I mostly did.  After about fifteen minutes I would get drowsy and then I would get a nice night's sleep.   This was incredibly valuable and it was no problem to go off the medication at the end of treatment because I was only taking it when I needed it anyway, only a couple times a week at the worst point.  The halitosis might have actually made it easier to stop taking--I had to really want the sleep and be willing to put up with the foul taste in my mouth. But if I needed the sleep badly enough it was really worth it.
effective for falling and staying asleep	slight dry mouth initially, but this subsided with use (3 - 4 weeks)	My problem was never falling asleep, it was waking up a few hours after falling asleep and being wide awake, my mind racing on thoughts of the day.  This medicine allowed me to fall asleep quickly and stay sleeping throughout the night.  My doctor told me it was originally marketed for anxiety/depression, but not widely prescribed for that once the sedative effects became known.  (I can't imagine taking one of these in the morning, as a anti-depressant....It would surely knock me out.)  The tablets are sold as 150 mg tablets.  I split mine (75 mg) and for $4 at Target, I get two months worth.  Highly recommend this for those who can't fall or stay asleep.
The benefits of using Tretinoin were great. First of all I noticed that my skin started glowing and my acne diminished greatly. But I had to be very patient because the results were not immediate. Continued use of the medicine rendered amazing results. My skin is a lot more smoother, healthier, and brighter.	luckily I did not notice any negative side effects. The positive effects that I noticed out weighed the negative ones. The side effects that i noticed were very slight peeling of the skin and a very very slight burning sensation. The burning sensation however, completely went away with continued use of the medicine. I believe this is so because my skin became more and more tolerant the more I used it.	My treatment details are as follows: I Used Avita (Tretinoin) every night after cleansing my face. I waited about 15-20 minutes after cleansing to apply a dime size of the medication. My doctor recommended doing so to make the skin less sensitive and more receptive of the drug. My doctor also told me that the use of sunscreen was imperative while using Tretinoin because retinol can cause the skin to become sensitive to sunlight. So every morning before leaving the house I made sure to apply a sunscreen.
I ahve three sleep disorders: sleep apnea due to closing up of my throat (anatomical), restless leg syndrome and the worst one, hypersomnia -- tired much of the time with no explanation. I tried this drug - sent directly to the home and only with approved diagnosis (I am just short of narcolepsy) - to see if I would feel rested when I awoke. I did for one day but then the effects did not continue with each successive night. Sounds strange, I know, but that is what happened.	I did not have any side effects except that if I got less than 4 1/2 hours of sleep after waking to take the second dose - I would stillfeel the effects -- as if drugged a bit.	I think I have included everything above. I tried a second week and felt a slight refreshed feeling upon awakening - but not significant ewnough to keep taking it. Understand, I only remember awakening refreshed 3 times in my life. one of them after that first night I used Xyrem. I have enough to try a third week and probably will -- since I am desperate for my former qualilty of life when I didn't struggle with feeling tired as I do now.
Wellbutrin XL was the only anti-depressant I tried that I could take without noticable side effects. A big contributer to my depression was weight gain that accompanied it, and as a result my doctor prescribed wellbutrin because typically the patient either stays the same or loses weight will taking it, as opposed to almost every other anti-depressent which can cause weight gain.	Very minimal side effects. Only noticable thing is that you can feel the pill wear off near bed time and that can cause a sudden spike in appetite.	The wellbutrin helped me regain control of my appetite and as a result i took back control of my happiness and wellbeing.
ALSO HELPED WITH HOT FLASHES. IT ALLOWED FOR ME TO CARRY ON WITH NORMAL ACTIVITIES.	MILD JITTERS WHEN FIRST TAKING. IF SKIPPED WOULD CAUSE EXTREME HEAVINESS AND TIREDNESS	i TOOK EFEXXOR IN THE AM AND AT LUNCH
Depression has cleared up quite miraculously.	Eating too much - no sense of when to stop. Slight antihistamine feel.	"I had been on Celexa for two years, and noticed a major change in my libidio and concurrent diminishment of feeling in my sexual parts.  As I am married I started taking Cialis to maintain an erection, and it worked fine, however, Cialis didn't make me feel any more during lovemaking, and the whole topic increased my depression and worry. I didn't wish my wife to find out I took Cialis because I love her dearly and didn't want her to think my sexual feelings were drug induced.  



I searched the internet for non-SSRI antidepressants with little or no sexual side effects.  I talked to my psychiatrist about Mirtazapine and he was fine with taperinf me off of the Citalopram. Within days of decreasing the Citalopram I felt so much smarter. The Mirtazapine has really allayed the depression and most of my anxiety.  I do also take Buproprion and the two things do seem to allay depression and anxiety.



I definitely recommend trying Mirtazapine if you're depressed, especially if you either hate SSRIs, or haven't founnd anything else which works. It doesn't really have such bad side effects. And my dreaming has become really interesting. I actually can't wait to go to bed now.  I did have a nightmare the first night I took it, but not since then. Instead I have had all sorts of dream desire fulfillment, and it's odd how much that can make you feel more resourceful for the rest of your day.



I also wasn't able to work for the last two years because of moodiness and benzodiazpine use for anxiety and sleep.  Now I have cut out all thosoe medications and I really do feel much better.  Eating too much does seem to be an issue. I eat so much sometimes that I can't breate. That part is going to demand some serious self - control."
I got up and felt better in the morning, then as the day went on I felt more and more lethargic so I dont know if I was taking the right amount or if it was the drug. I then took it twice a day but it did not seem to help my lethargy	bone aches	1 daily
The benefits are that being on Neurontin with the Lidoderm Patch 5%, it has helped to give me a much better quality of life.  My pain is significantly reduced because of these two medications, though not completely gone.  The side effects, to my knowledge, have been minimal, especially compared to what it could be without these medications.  Could a different medication work better?  Maybe.	It's hard to say what the side effects might be.  I sometimes have trouble thinking or speaking my thoughts concisely, moodiness, somewhat depressed, shortness of breath at times, dizziness, occasional vision problems, some numbness or odd sensations in legs or arms etc.  However, I can't say for sure if any of these side effects/symptoms are from taking Neurontin, the lidoderm patch or for some other reason (stresses...).	Ten years ago I had spinal chord surgery to remove a tumor.  Fortunately it was benign.  The down side is that it pressed on the nerves so much that it permanently damaged them.  The greatest nerve pain I have is from the center of my chest all the way around on the right side (breast area) to the center of my back on the right.  The skin in that area is so sensitive that any clothing even slightly rubbing on it can cause great pain.  I have been very happy with Neurotin for the most part.  I know it is working because if I am late taking my next dose (every eight hours) the pain starts to increases.  The Neurotin alone does not work well.  In addition, I have to wear a Lidoderm patch.  This has made a huge difference.  Now, after nine years I'm beginning to feel my medication isn't working as well as it used to and am planning to review these changes with my doctor.
Helps me to sleep although does NOT help RLS.  I sleep through the night now with requip to still my legs and trazodone to help me sleep.  It has made a HUGE difference.  I went through a sleep study prior to taking these meds and it turned out I was not getting any sustained deep sleep.	At first I was terrible groggy, but I adjusted.	I take it every night about 1/2 hour before I go to bed.  If i wait too late, i am tired in the morning but it is worth it!
It drastically reduced breakouts all over my body therefore I did not constantly have flu like symptoms because of the breakouts. So even under stressful life events which usually results with a breakout the Valtrax stopped or reduced the frequency of breakouts. So far I have only been taking 1 per day and I have not had any breakouts for a month.	It initially made me feel tired and lethargic. I believe it contributed to  a short bout of stomach upset and heavy bowel movements however this problem subsided fairly quickly. I think it also contributes to my eyes feeling dryer than usual. Since I am post menopausal dry eyes is a huge problem.	I was supposed to take 2 tablets a day 1 in the morning and 1 in the evening. I followed this regimen for 1 and a half weeks then I decided to reduce the dosage myself to 1 per day. I checked with the ND and she said that protocol could be followed unless I felt that I was going to have a breakout then go back to 2 a day. I can take up to 4 per day if needed however so far the 1 per day has worked well for me.
The benefits of using Tretinoin were great. First of all I noticed that my skin started glowing and my acne diminished greatly. But I had to be very patient because the results were not immediate. Continued use of the medicine rendered amazing results. My skin is a lot more smoother, healthier, and brighter.	luckily I did not notice any negative side effects. The positive effects that I noticed out weighed the negative ones. The side effects that i noticed were very slight peeling of the skin and a very very slight burning sensation. The burning sensation however, completely went away with continued use of the medicine. I believe this is so because my skin became more and more tolerant the more I used it.	My treatment details are as follows: I Used Avita (Tretinoin) every night after cleansing my face. I waited about 15-20 minutes after cleansing to apply a dime size of the medication. My doctor recommended doing so to make the skin less sensitive and more receptive of the drug. My doctor also told me that the use of sunscreen was imperative while using Tretinoin because retinol can cause the skin to become sensitive to sunlight. So every morning before leaving the house I made sure to apply a sunscreen.
It cleared up my coughing within 2 days.  I could sleep far better at night.	I had mild diarrhea, though I'm not sure if it was due to the drug.	I was told by my doctor to take the medication once a day for about 5 days.  The best results came within 2 days, and seemed to plateau after that.  I requested another prescription so I ended up taking it for about 2 weeks, but I seemed to see little improvement during the 2nd prescription.  It was probably because the bacteria was kept under control, but my body was taking time to heal.
"stomach pains lesson over time it would take around 4/5 days to start working.

was told by the doctor not to use the medication for years but for one to two months at a time."	"starting up effects dizziness,nausea, but would subside when medication started getting into my system.

Would also feel tired while taking it and would sometimes make you feel unwell but I only found this on the 30mg."	After stopping though stomach pain returns within 3 weeks.
Lost 30 lbs in first month of treatment. Portion size was easy to control. If busy I sometimes forgot to eat. Mood was slightly altered for the first week - I was more patient - but this was short term. This medication has changed my relationship with food and I feel in control.	Felt a little spacey and calm for first few days. Sleep was disrupted for about two weeks - waking hourly. Excess energy and restlessness for the first week.	10mg for 1st month, 15mg for next month.
I have had severe migraines for over 20 years. Since taking the amitriptyline my migraines have decreased to once or twice every six months! As long as I take the "elavil" and watch for triggers I am now in control of my migraines and not the other way around.	groggy in the morning, slight weight gain, dry mouth	I started at 25 mg and that increased to 50 mg.
The treatment benefits of taking predisone for asthama were that it reduced the inflammation and eased breathing.  Although steroids are being scrutinized in the media at this time, they do have a place in the treatment of life threatening episodes of asthma and other diseases that casue severe inflammation.  I do not care to be on prednisone for any period of time, however, breathing is necessary to life and the prednisone offers a quick relief of the symptoms.	While taking the prednisone I had an increase in blood pressure.  I also was very perspired while the dose was higher and felt extremely edgy and agitated.	The prednisone was prescribed for a rebound effect after an anaphylactic reaction.  While at the ER I was given solumedrol and benadryl.  Since I have asthma, a prednisone taper was prescribed in the event that a rebound effect occured, which it did.  I began the taper immediately upon the worsening of symptoms.  It took about 3 hours for the prednisone to begin working.  During that time, there was a back and forth response from my body as it fought the prednisone for control.  During this event, I learned that I will always use my Epipen in the future as adrenalin is not always part of the protocol at the ER.  The adrenalin stops the initial reaction and may prevent the need for the prednisone later.
Effective birth control	Moodiness and weight loss	Hi - I switched from Ortho Tri Cyclen to Yasim because the country I moved to did not have Ortho Tri Cyclen.  It was fine but I feel like it made me moody.  Although the pluses were slight weight loss.  When I moved back to the US I went back to Ortho Tri Cyclen because I did not like the moodiness.  Both drugs have done wonders for my skin.
I slept well while on clarithromycin, my fatigue decreased, my intellectual function improved, and my energy level increased.	metallic taste in mouth.	because my Lyme disease is chronic (but that doesn't mean incurable!), I have to continue antibiotic treatments whenever symptoms flare.  the goal is to suppress symptoms, eventually, with my own strong immune system.  by the way, the IDSA's recommendations for Lyme disease treatment are just plain wrong. So if you're reading this database looking for Lyme disease treatment ideas, ignore any advice that "Lyme disease is uncommon, easily detected, and easily cured," and ignore the IDSA guidelines.  Those idiots.
I now have more energy, better focus, better weight control, less hypglycemia, feel more upbeat, less prone to depression.  I can work more efficiently now, can get through my day without feeling like I need to lie down on the floor and sleep!	I notice that if I drink caffeinated beverages I get way too jittery, whereas I used to use coffee and diet caffeinated drinks to keep my energy level up and they wouldn't bother me by making me too hyper.  So I have to stay away from those.  Also, if I take a dose too late in the day, I stay up too late!	I have fibromyalgia, and was having a hard time with the high fatigue levels and difficulty concentrating.  At first I just took Wellbutrin to help with these things, but a doctor suggested trying Ritalin for better results.  It does work much better than the Wellbutrin for these symptoms.
Immediately felt like "the cloud had lifted." Anxiety essentially disappeared and life really did get easier. Removed the sense of "running in concrete."	At first, sleeping was intermittent and was full of bizarre dreams. This quickly passed.	Effexor was prescribed after Serzone has run it's course. Treated for depression (dysthymia) and anxiety related to Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Excellent results compared to Serzone and Paxil.
My son had a definite and rather dramatic increase in his ability to focus at school, complete his homework and we even saw a difference in his sports performance.  He went from grades averaging C's, with some lower, to A & B's for most classes within just a couple of months.  Even his teachers were very impressed with the difference, and my son's confidence improved tremendously.	The side effects have been very mild. At some points he seems more argumentative and high strung, but not most of the time.  Generally this medication has been well tolerated.  We do not administer the medication on the weekends or when he is not at school (during school breaks or during the summer).	The treatment with Concerta is simple - he takes  one pill a day during the school week.  We have semi-annual visits with the Dr. to check on his progress.  While starting the medication, we had to adjust the dosage slowly upward.  But he had maintained the current dose for more than 1.5 years now with good affects.
This drug helped me to be able to fall sleep during an extremely stressful period in my life when I simply could not fall asleep.  I had tried many herbal sleep remedies, homeopathics, melatonin supplements, acupuncture and so forth, but the Serax was the only thing that helped me.  Initially during treatment I would be able to sleep 4-6 hours which was a huge benefit to me as I was exhausted from insomnia and stress.	Sometimes I would feel a slight tension in my head the next morning, but this was better than total exhaustion from sleeplessness.  More recently I find that on the rare occasions that I use Serax, I wake up with a headache if I take a full capsule.  I find using a half a capsule seems to work fine without giving me a headache.	My doctor tried various antidepressant type sleep medications to help me to sleep but they did not help at all.  They left me feeling groggy and with a strange disconnected feeling.   We also tried Ambien but this only helped me get about 2 hours of sleep and then I'd wake up and feel strange.  The Serax worked for me to help me fall asleep when I couldn't sleep, and to stay asleep for 4-6 hours.  Also there were hardly any side effects except for the slight headache.  I had no trouble going off the medication during the times when I no longer needed it.  Sometimes I would taper from 1 capsule to 1/2 capsule per night, or one night on and one night off the medication, but most times I simply stopped using it when I no longer needed it.   I still use a half a capsule occasionally when I travel if I have trouble falling asleep.
The benefits are numerous. With the Geodon I haven't suffered from a bout of depression in app. 2 1/2 yrs.. Before the Geodon I suffered from depression for months at a time. I haven't been or felt suicidal at all since beginning the drug. With Geodon I am on an even keel. By that I mean that I do not suffer from the peaks and valleys of typical bi-polar disorder. I no longer have manic episodes for days and then sink into a dark depression. It has made most of my bi-polar traits go away.	The side effects are: dry mouth, possible headache,	The treatment for me is to take 2 80mg capsules of Geodon daily and follow up with a psychiatrist.
As I  was able to relax my headache  almost disappeared. The headache was due to stiff jaw syndrome. The symptoms should ease after two months but I feel relief the first day I start taking medicine. I was able to concentrate again and the most important I did not feel tired.	I felt sleepy. I put about 3kg weight. After 2 months side effects ease and then disappeared.	take 40mg of the medicine every night before slip.
Provided increased alertness and perceived cognitive enhancement. Helped me maintain focus and motivation at work. I still drank coffee throughout the day but it was significantly less with Provigil. Prior to Provigil I was prescribed Adderall XR 20 mg. which really had a negative effect on my duty performance. I had TOO much energy and jitters and could not focus on anything for more than 5 minutes. The opposite of what it was prescribed for.	I began having stomach troubles with this drug. I now take Prilosec and Pepcid to counter this. Worth it? Sometimes. Like other reviews here, I found that the positive effects did wear off by the end of the day and dosing again is not smart if you want to get any sleep at all. In addition, I notice increased heart rate at times and seems to exacerbate the frequency and strength of my PVCs.	I do like the increased alertness and cognitive enhancement but not sure how Provigil is effecting my heart in the long term.
longer,thicker,darker lashes,as well I applied it on the eyebrows	mild itching and irritation at the beginning,later disappeared	applied 1 drop to the each eye daily in the evening,very effective,took few weeks to grow new lashes,but it was worth waiting,used disposable applicators daily to prevent eye infections,as well applied to the brows growth line
I was on YAZ for over a year, played on three soccer teams (two were for high school) and still gained 5 lbs. After i switched to seasonique a few weeks ago, i lost my appetite and lost weight. I dont eat nearly as much now. Im 5'0'' and before i switched i used to weigh roughly around 115... now im sticking around 105. i have no experience with the bad side effects with seasonique	none	one pill a day at the same time
Instant calm. During a panic attack my heart would race, I had numbness and tingling in my fingers, and my vision would "grey out" like I was going to pass out. As if that wasn't enough fun I experienced shortness of breath, too. Now when I have a panic attack I take 1/2 of a 1 mg pill and within minutes I am calm and focused.	Mild drowsiness, which is ok if you are somewhere stationary. However, my first attack happened on a busy freeway in rush hour traffic. That is not a great time to be drowsy. But thankfully I only need 1/2 of the pill and so far I haven't had any more attacks while driving.	My doctor prescribed ten 1 mg tablets to take on an as needed basis. The prescription was given to me in February 2008 and I still have 1 left and it's August 2008. So roughly, nine tablets in twenty weeks.
Wrinkles did disapear, but there was bruising and swelling. It did reduce after a few days, and I noticed the inability to move the muscles in my forehead and around my mouth.	Bruising and swelling. Not sure if it was the way the injections were delivered or because of my tendency to bruise.	The vials were injected around my mouth, eyes, and on the forhead. The effect did last for several months, but I had not been happy about the side effects.
The depression was treated effectively. I felt more normal shortly after starting treatment.	I apparently didn't have any side effects, at least not any listed on the drug information. However, after a period of a couple months, I became completely turned off by sex. After a longer period, I got freaked out by the idea, not good for a married woman. Still I didn't associate it with Zoloft. I spoke with a friend who had taken Zoloft as well, and she stated that she was 'running' from her husband regarding sex and changed meds. I also requested a change to another anti-depressant and no longer have a libido problem.	I was suffering from clinical depression that manifested itself as overall crankiness, irritability and sore, aching muscles in my shoulders and neck. My doctor prescribed muscle relaxers and x-rayed my neck. No problems. I went to a psychiatrist who diagnosed depression. I was given Zoloft and the irritability and muscle aches went away very quickly.
Significantly and quickly reduced anxiety (within 2 weeks). In turn, digestive problems (IBS) related to anxiety were significantly improved. Greatly improved my quality of life.	As long as treatment was taken consistently, side effects were minimal. This medication does not seem to mix well with alcohol - memory loss and increased intoxication were experienced when alcohol was consumed. If a dosage was missed, side effects included unpleasant sensory experiences (like electrical sparks, "zapping"), dizziness, and disorientation. A strong cautionary statement: withdrawal from this medication may be extremely unpleasant. The overall experience I had with this drug was diminished only by the harsh symptoms associated with discontinuing the drug. The effects included heightened irritability, and strong sensory effects described previously. The drug dosage should be tapered; I quit taking the drug "cold turkey" and in retrospect it was a poor choice. I estimate that it took a couple months to stop experiencing the withdrawal symptoms.	A single 10 mg dose was taken daily. I logged my progress by journaling my emotional and physical state at various points in the treatment.
treatment reduce the number and frequency of breakout, and blackheads.  also helped to speed healing of acne and reduce fine lines. skin was smoother, complexion more even in color and pore size seemed to be reduce.  as a result the overall appearance of the skin was greatly improved.	some dryness, peeling, irritation	treatment reduce the number and frequency of breakout, and blackheads.  also helped to speed healing of acne and reduce fine lines. skin was smoother, complexion more even in color and pore size seemed to be reduce.  as a result the overall appearance of the skin was greatly improved.
Cholesterol went from 265 to 199.  Lost 32 lbs. in 3 months.	One incident of an oily stool.	I took part in a 3-month Obesity/Binge Eating study back in 2004 which included the use of a Placebo or Orlistat (Xenical) conducted by a local Hospital/Medical Center. I would meet with the doctor's weekly and was put on a low-fat diet and asked to do moderate exercise of 30-40 minutes 3 days a week during this study. At the time I was Age 39, 5 ft 7 and 200 lbs. and a cholesterol level of 265 (you had to have a BMI of 30 percent in order to participate in study, and I just made it per the weight and height chart). Half of the study participants were put on a placebo pill and half were put on Orlistat (Xenical). They did not tell the participants during the study if they had the placebo or if they had the Orlistat. At the end of the 3 month study, I lost 32 lbs. (down to 168 lbs.) and my cholesterol went from 265 to 199. I was told at that time I was taking Orlistat. The participants who took Orlistat lost more weight than the ones who took placebo and did the low-fat diet. I can only remember once having what may have been an oily stool. I never had cramps, diarrhea or any type of bowel accidents. It is now 2010, and I have put on 20 lbs. since. I am considering trying to get my family doctor to prescribe Orlistat. I have not heard anything negative about the medication, except for the side effects of oily stools, etc. I believe the people who have experienced the bad side effects are people who are continuing to eat fatty foods (such as pizza, cheeseburgers, etc.) and continue to take the Orlistat. If you follow the directions, you are to eat low-fat and also take a multi-vitamin. I look forward to trying out the Orlistat again. :)
The drug helped elminate most of the discharge and healed my yeast infection mostly.	i was feeling a bit tired and drowsy.	"after taking the drug for 2 weeks most of the infection had cleared up.

I think having the drug for another week or two would have cleared up the infection completely."
my hdl has gone up. i am still taking niaspan and feel like it is helping.	i did have some flushing at first...however that did not last very long, nor were the symptons too bad.  other than that i have had no side effects	i take 1 1000 mg pill every night.  along with the medication i have improved my diet, lowered my fat consupmtion and added 30 mins of walking every day.  I feel the niaspan has helped my hdl blood count considerable.
Improved mood. I suffered for 20 years with depression and anxiety and minor mood swings.  Since taking the current medications I have a much more stabel mood.  I occasionally have days with more depression.  Before taking the meds, I was almost non functional, not wanting to do anything, feeling helpless and hopeless and at times suicidal.  Now, I rarely ever have even fleeting thoughts of that.	constipation, sleep disturbance.  The constipation has been severe, requiring stimulant laxatives about twice a week.  I also believe that I have had an increase in appetite.  At times I wonder if my memory is as sharp.  Overall, I have had minimal side effects.	continue to take the above medications for chronic depression. I tried an antidepressant first for a long time with a number of changes.  I was also given klonopin for sleep.  I could not take it during day because of sleepiness and lethargy.   Later they added Adderall as I have also fibromyalgia.  This helped the depression and low energy.  I continued to struggle with my condition even though it had improved a little.  Lamictal was added and later abilify.  I have tried to decrease dosage or stop some of these and almost immediately my mood is depressed.
Effective in reducing hypertension from previous approximately 170/85 to less than 150/65 and now even less at approximately 130/65	Side effected included sleepiness, and unaccountably nausea while sailing. Prior to taking this drug I had never had problems with "seasickness" while sailing. I found I had to stay topside during sailing times.  Other than that, the tiredness was a factor which became less noticeable with time.  The seasickness would not be a problem for the majority of people, I am sure	Treatment was 1 pill per day for approximately 3 years (25 mg) which I am told is a quite low dose for this medication.  However my weight is 100 lbs on average and small build so for me it was more than enough.  It helped my hypertension come back to within normal range which I was pleased with.  If I needed to go back on an antihypertensive, I would try it again
Decent hair growth and consistent prevention of futher hair loss.	Some sexual side effects, but can't be sure if it is the finasteride. At any rate, 1/4 of a 100mg Viagra seems to make sure that side effect is overcome.	I've been taking finasteride generic (1-2 mg daily) for several years now, after taking Propecia for a number of years. It's definitely cheaper, and seems to work just as effectively.
Helped with clearing up my skin and keeping in clear.  It also helped with fine lines around the eyes and mouth.	At first my skin was very sensitive, dry and flaky.  After approximately 4-6 weeks all the side effects disappeared, my face cleared and has stayed that way.  It has however made my skin extremely sensitive to the sun.	After washing my face at night, I was to wait around 15 minutes before applying a small pea size amount all over my face and neck.
It did lower my BP some	I'm not sure if the drugs did this, but I have severe tinnitus now, and it's driving me crazy!	I definitely have to have synthroid, because once I stopped taking it, and I couldn't get out of bed I was so tired. I have not stopped the lisinopril, continue to take it with no side effects, except I wonder about the ear ringing.
My son suffered from headaches that would really affect his daily activities. He was prescribed the Nasonex to control his allergies and reduce his sinus symptoms that may have been contributing to his headaches. After about 2 weeks of daily use of the nasonex, his headaches were occurring siginificantly less often and he felt much relief. He was able to reduce his use of ibuprofen which I was really glad for because I worried that he may have rebound headaches from over-use of ibuprofen. I also worried that he may develop an ulcer from using the NSAID's so frequently. He was also able to get a better nights sleep. That improved his performance at school and his general energy level. Previously he was always tired during the day, after he started taking the nasonex continuously, as directed, he felt more energetic, and had many less headaches, too.	At first, the nasal spray was a little irritating to the nose, and he would sneeze after the administration. He just didn't like the spray into his nose. He stuck with it and after about 5 days, it didn't bother him anymore. other than that, we have not noticed any negative side effects of the medication.	He takes the nasal spray in the morning and at night-2 sprays each. It controls his allergies and he no longer suffers from the sinus headaches that were interfering with his life on a daily basis.
"Decreased lethargy and ""overwhelmed"" feeling, increased focus and energy. Did not give me a jittery feeling like adderol.  The doctor said that the medication should wear off in about 12 hours after taking it.  This is true for the increased energy but I notice increased focus and decreased lethargy until I go to bed. No trouble getting to sleep.  

Nice unexpected effect: increased desire and ease of ""connecting"" with freinds and family."	Decreased appitite.  If I don't remind myself to eat I don't get hungry at all.  The couple of times I forgot to eat, I never felt any feeling of hunger.  I just felt spacey and tired and couldn't figure out why.  Then I realized that it was 3:00 and forgot to eat or drink all day.  I have to set an alarm to remind myself that it's time to eat.	One pill daily as soon as I wake up.
Reduced sneezing to minimum without making me tired. It worked for my indoor allergies as well as my outdoor allergies	An odd taste in the back of the throat was the only real side effect that I encountered	one spray in each nostril daily was done for 3 months to relieve allergy symptoms. Worked very well. I will probably have to use it year round due to my indoor allergies to dust.
2blood preasure meds and still prescribed 1 more	some coughing	1 pill every 12 hours,with 300mg labetalol every 12 hours and amlodipine 10 mg 1 per day. i have fatigue and muscle weekness the jury is still out,on why,it is now suggested i have a non alcoholic fatty liver,from a gallblader echo. I am very leary of taking any meds.for extra work for my liver.
reduced acne breakout, redness from breakout went away quickly, smoother skin	flaking, sensitivity to acid products	Cleansed face am and pm.  Pat skin dry. Used non-alcohol toner only in pm. Applied retin-a micro in the evening. Nothing else on top. Cleansed in the am and applied sunscreen with out chemicals-titanium dioxide based product.
"no period since on Danazol which is good for endometriosis.

the cyst on ovary did not grow since on Danazol.

the side effects are tolerable, do not seem to interfere with daily life."	"had frequent muscle cramps, not just on legs, but on back, neck, even abdomen.

cramps are quite uncomfortable.

suffered slight depression.

but did not have nausea, dizziness."	"had a cyst on left ovary, removed by surgery, another 4cm cyst developed on left ovary one month after surgery, had a history of endometriosis.

was put on Danazol after the new cyst was revealed by ultrasound. had no period since put on Danazol, did monthly ultrasound to monitor cyst. the cyst didn't grow but didn't not shrink either.

stopped Danazol after three months for fear of possible damage to liver."
Long-term mild to good relief from the worst aspects of depression.  Provided a "floor" to my mood and I never go below that.  Prior to Effexor (and before that, Prozac) I had frequent periods of suicidality.  I still often get very depressed but am much more functional and my behavior has stabilized.	The inability to drink more than 2 glasses of wine at a time!	Effexor was first prescribed by psychiatrist and then by psychopharmacologist.  I see the psychopharmacologist every 3 months for 1/2 hour to evaluate the efficacy of meds.
Long-time smokers finally have something to help them stop smoking and not have the headaches and the withdrawals!	The only side effect that I had was strange dreams for the first few nights.	Every day you are to take Chantix once in the morning and once at night, and set a date to stop smoking. That is what I did, and I set my date at ten days after I starting taking the medication. In less time than ten days, I was not reaching for a cigarette with my morning coffee. I stopped smoking all together in two weeks, but took the medication for four months. When family and friends that are smokers would come over, I would want to smoke with them. I restarted the program twice, then told myself I would just have to NOT smoke with them.
I only took it one time, and experienced a side effect (dry mouth). Did not really kick in, but I guess this med. is not supposed to work immediately	I had a dry mouth and my eyes were dry.	Basically I had allergies and severe allergy seasonal cough. Doctor told me to try Claritin. I only took it once just to see if the drug would work. The drug did not work right away. As it is stated in the label, this drug takes time (perhaps about a week) in order to be effective. I ended up not taking anything. As soon as mid June came around, the allergies and cough that lasted about 3 months all went away.
The skin texture appears improved after only 4 weeks of use. I have much acne less breakouts and day by day I see a steady improvement. My skin is much smoother than before and starts having a beautiful glow (which it hasn't had in years!)	I did have slight skin irritation during the first 2 weeks of use and after the second week I started having a few acne cysts (which is apparently a normal skin reaction during the first weeks of treatment). Nevertheless, I asked my doctor to put me on minocycline in order to avoid additional acne scars. This combination (Retin-A-Micro & Mincycline) works wonders!	I apply a thin layer of retin-a-micro gel every night after cleansing on my face and onto the acne prone areas on the chest. In order to avoid skin irritation, I used as little gel as possible during the first weeks. I think this is why I had only minor side effects. My skin has started to be used to the medication and I therefore can now use a bit more (though still a thin layer).
Exfoliates the skin. It is said to prevent or treat acne and acne scars. whether this is true is questionable.	the drug induced some dryness and flakiness especially around the nose area and chin area. this side effect can go away after a while	the product is a gel that is put on every night. it supposedly prevents new  blemishes and promotes exfoliation. the results for the blemishes were not satisfactory.
I had severe acne for many years and I was sort of living with it without seeking cures seriously. I tried a couple of other anti-biotics before but not very diligently. I started to be more disciplined and actually took Keflex every day. In the beginning I was also taking Apri the birth control pill. I took both for a couple of months and my face started to be better in a week or two and completely cleared in a couple of months - which made me so much happier with my life. Then I stop Apri, and I continued with Keflex. And it seems that if I stop Keflex, my acne will come back a little. So I have not tried stoping Keflex for more than a week or two. I am a little concerned with the long term side effects of Keflex although I am not sure whether there should be any. I think I will continue taking Keflex and I will also ask my docotor to test blood or any other things that I should be cautious of.	It is hard to say. I have chronic headaches and general stress. So I am not sure whether the Keflex may have made matters a bit worse sometimes. Overall, I can't seem to correlate Keflex to my other conditions at all.	...
As an RN for 14 years, I was familiar with Detrol LA and why it was prescribed for me.  I was diagnosed two years ago with Multiple Sclerosis and have a spastic bladder.  Soon after being prescribed Detrol LA, I had a definite decrease in urination frequency.  However, after about six months, my urinary habits returned to pre-medication levels.  I void every two hours.  About one year ago, I stopped taking Detrol LA for two months, thinking that giving my bladder a break from the med would help.  I then restarted Detrol LA and noticed no difference.  I am seriously thinking about stopping the medication.  It is essentially useless.	Mild dry mouth.  Otherwise, no side effects.	I have been on Detrol LA for since being diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis two years ago.  I have a spastic bladder and urinate every two hours.  I take 2mg twice a day.  The medicine worked for about six months, then was virtually ineffective.
I was prescribed Norvasc by my cardiologist because I kept having left sided chest pain. My doctor stated it wasn't angina because i'm so young. I had an echo and stress test which were all normal. each day after taking the pill, i find relief in the chest pain for a while, but then after about an hour it will sometimes come back. I have noticed increase in headaches since taking this med which i went to see a neurologist who wanted me to take neurontin but I refuse to take. He stated the headaches have nothing to do with the heart, but i disagree because when i have this chest pain, the headaches usually are there to, and when the chest pain isn't there, the headache isn't there.	increase in headache.	started out the first week with breaking 5mg in half. then after that been taking 5mg daily. B/P was never above 130 systolic and never above 90 diastolic. but was prescibed this because of the intermittent chest pain.
My cholesterol was significantly lowered.  From 230 to about 170.  The ratio was excellent.  This effect has consistently been monitored and remains steady.	There was some mild flushing feelings,  without flushed skin.  If the medicine was not taken with food there was an uncomfortable feeling in the stomach about three hours after ingestion.	"Niaspan was prescribed after emergency double by-pass.  My cholesterol began rising at around age 50.  I thought estrogen treatment for menopause would additionally lower cholesterol however it did not.  Significant dietary restrictions,  already in place for many years,  did not lower cholesterol.

I was offered Lipitor, but refused.  A couple of years later I ended up with a bypass,  but without a heart attack."
My skin has melasma so the treatment was supposed to clear up the brown spots mostly over my cheeks and nose. I didn't have a good experience since those signs are still there.	My eyes used to be kind of itchy and the skin, at the beginning of the treatment, used to be itchy and reddish too.	In association with a glycolic peel (60%) once each 15 days I had Glyquin XM every night for, at least, 3 months. I used Photoderm MAX tint cream FSP 100 during the day.
Quality of life improved 10 fold.  Able to follow through with hobbies and interests as well as work.  Before treatment, memory was nonexistent. After treatment not only could I remember things but time itself changed.  Time seemed to move faster.  The body, down to a cellular level, processes toxins faster so skin becomes clear and perfect.	Hair loss. Hyperthyroid at first then Hypothyroid. The initial weight loss is pretty cool but over time can lead to malnourishment.  Have to be careful not to fall into a "manic" mode because it is totally annoying to others.  Also it tends to cause tension in my back.  I've spent much money at the chiropractor over the years.  Otherwise the pain is unbearable.	This medicine changed my life, but there are still spin off's of ADD, like the auditory processing, anxiety and emotional control and general sensitivity that have to be dealt with.  Not to mention health issues like making sure to get enough vitamins (kelp levels out my thyroid pretty well), and picking up a prescription from the doctor every 30 days.  I take 15 mgs AM and 15 after lunch.  Can't take it too late in the day or will cause sleeplessness.
elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.	none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.	Initial treatment included therapy and Lexapro in addition to Wellbutrin XL.  Now only on the Wellbutrin XL.  I see the psychiatrist every 4 months for re-evaluation.
To Date Improvements I've noted (but confirmed by closest): Seizures viewed much fewer & shorter.  50% of the seizures merely feelings & no communication loss.  Much more clarity, energy & strength, alertness vs. drowsiness.  Moods much better with smiling even during difficult times.	a little balance, occasional dry mouth	"I've had   20 years of my sedatives & mixes, but my Lamictal on its own has easily become the best for me, & I'm still at a a much lower dose than the average Lamictal taken by my type.  When my family & I discuss the net improvements we smile and even laugh.

I challenge my neurologist with Q's from me or my wife's; he's knowledgeable, thorough,& Q's any mixes."
elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.	none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.	Initial treatment included therapy and Lexapro in addition to Wellbutrin XL.  Now only on the Wellbutrin XL.  I see the psychiatrist every 4 months for re-evaluation.
I am DEFINITELY more able to manage my emotions and feelings. I can speak on the telephone to people, be in person around people I've never met, and function in society in general. This doesn't sound like a big feat, but I had crippling anxiety and it's a giant step for me.	The first week of my treatment, I had horrible leg cramps and nausea. I actually had to hold a vomit bag while I sat on the couch, and car rides were pretty impossible from motion sickness. But that passed pretty quickly.	I began on 50mg, after growing absolutely sick of feeling terrible all the time. I went on this for about six months, with little difference in my moods. After a suicide attempt (overdose on Trazodone; I no longer take this medication), I was put into a psychiatric ward for a week and my dosage was doubled from 50mg to 100mg, which was one of the best things to ever happen to me. I am now very stable after a year on the 100mg and couldn't be happier.
the treatment benefits were good because i had mrsa and have for my 3rd time in 2 1/2 months.the itchyness goes away,quick working,and does work.though i feel with mrsa,treatment should be longer,and a slightly higher dose.due to the chance it not being wiped out of body entirely.the 2nd time i got mrsa,it took care of it,but not entirely.made boil the size of a sand grain ,or rice maybe?!..now on it again,for 30 days,and began taking today.no results yet.	nausea the first couple days,headache,fixed constipation issues for the time,tiredness,but after a few days or so,was back to self,but MUST STAY OUT OF THE SUN.and if your even going out for 5 minutes in the sun,at all, i recommend a 50 spf sunscreen!photosensitivity will occur.,stay very very hydrated as well.for some reason,this med made me thirsty.	the treatment benefits were good because i had mrsa and was hospitalized,then on pills and intravenous drips at the hospital outpatient for 6 days following release from hospital stay,then 2 more weeks on an oral antibiotic after finishing the infusions..that was a wide assortment of meds..mrsa was gone.about a month and a half later,i got mrsa again.but not as severe,but did catch it as it started to feel like a pimple,not a boil..(dont know how i keep getting it.noone in family has/had it.),and was put on doxycycline(reference above) for 10 days,2 x a day,at 100 mg.and followed the directions.i also used on occassion,an antibiotic shower wash,and 100 % pimple cream for the outside..i had 2 boils that quickly faded,and skin healed better,and seemed like it was wiped out.they were about the size of a small dime when started meds this time.by day 3,i felt a lot better,no longer severely itchy where the boils were(common symptom with mrsa),by day 10,they were the size of a grain of sand/rice..it seemed to be gone.now it is 2 weeks later.2 new boils on the same spot an old was "supposedly healed" and 1 new spot...so now on doxycycline again for 30 days and following up with physicians...this all started with what was thought a boil.1 boil on my junk,that had to be lanced.i recommend anyone going into a hopspital for a procedure,to be cut,opened,be put on a good antibiotic 1 week before having it done,and then be put on it afterwards for 2 weeks as well..thats my opinion,but maybe it'd help curb the spread.though they deemed mine being community aquired,i tend to doubt it.
"Arthritis Med/Tramadol HLC Only helps a little with Arthritis Pain. Keeps it down to a dull roar!



Diabetes Meds,Helped lower Blood Levels. Kept A1c under 7%. Made it safe to live a normal life by keeping Blood Sugar under control. Helped keep Disease & Diabetes out of Eyes. Help Kidneys function normal."	"Arthritis Med/Tramadol HLC causes slight dizziness! I also have to take 500 MG of Tylenol 3 times a day. to help with the pain. As the Tramadol HLC is not enough. Vioxx worked better! I can't take Nsaids as i am Allergic to Aspirin.



Diabetes Meds make Blood Sugar level drop Between Breakfast & Lunch. Fast! Because I/Patient am almost in the Pre/Boaderline Diabetes Stage."	"50 MG Tramadol 2 times a day.Tylenol 500 MG 3 times a day for the Arthritis pain. Neither really help much to get rid of the pain.





500 MG Metformin 3 times a day.Glyberide 1.25 MG 1 time a day for the Diabetes.I have done well on the Meds as far as keeping Diabetes under control."
The combination of the two drugs helped me cope with my pain and depression, which seem to be related.  I'm able to cope with most of life's difficulties and am not sleeping as much.  With the vicodin helping with the pain, when I do sleep I find it's much more restful and satisfying.  I still have a long way to go and I believe that I will need to take these two drugs for a while as I tried quitting the prozac and immediately resumed the depression.	A little more sleepy and lack energy.  Also, it's obvious with the prozac that I'm at a point that I'm not able to go off of it without replacing it with something.  The vicodin doesn't seem to be a problem with side effects as long as I don't take more than one tablet at a time (500/5).	I've had depression and pain for some time.  They have both caused serious problems in my life.  I found myself isolated and sleeping far too much.  I did some research and found that lack of seritonin could cause an increse sensitivity to pain so I was hoping that my pain would subside with this treatment.  So far, I can't tell the difference.  My doctor seems to be concerned about taking the vicodin but I'm more concerned about the long term effects of the prozac.  Only time will tell.
The medication reduced total cholesterol from about 220 to about 180.  blood pressure appeared to slightly decrease from 125/70 to 115/65. The ration between high density cholesterol (good cholesterol) to low density cholesterol improved significantly.	Initially has hot flashes  red flushing of skin.  However it was discovered that taking the Niaspan before going to bed, with an 81mg enteric coated aspirin entirely eliminated the hot flashes.  There have been some deposits of fatty nodules just below the skin in several locations.  There has not been a causative link between the Niaspan pointed out to me. However since the Niaspan  reduces the circulating amount of a fatty chemical, the appearance of fatty deposits is suspicious.	"Two pills, 1000mg per pill, taken in the evening, with an 81mg enteric aspirin.

It is suggested that no high fat-foods be eaten several hours before taking the Niaspan, since there appears to be some relationship between high fat meals and hot flashes."
Stomach had been aching continually for several months, with constant belching andd a feeling of pressure in the upper throat.  Heartburn was not a significant complaint.  I lost about 5 lbs due to a loss of appetite.  I first started on a dose of 20 mg/day, and decided to increase to 40mg/day when the symptoms were not fully alleviated.  That dosage helped the symptoms, but I still have to be careful when, what and how much I eat or the problem will start up.	None really.  however, I am concerned about the correlation to osteoporosis, since proton pumps are probably involved in bone remodeling.  Now I take only 20mg daily as needed.	Take 20mg first thing in the morning about half an hour before breakfast, or before I have a meal I know will cause problems - Italian food, garlic, spicy, etc.
After the third day, I could tell the pain was subsiding.	Diarrhea and stomach pain	The first dayI started taking the medication 500mg 12 hrs apart. Then my stomach was hurting and I had diarrhea. I decreased the dosage (on my own, which I would not advise others to do) because I have a history of pseudo-membranous colitis, and I need to be cautious of antibiotics. However, I needed the med for the kidney infection. On days 2-5 I took 250mg 3 times a day (eight hrs apart). This reduction in dosage relieved the stomach pain and the diarrhea. After the third day of antibiotics, I noticed a decrease in back pain so I knew the medication was working.
To get my blood pressure under control, it was getting very high.  Blood pressure is in the normal range when taken. Blood pressure is now managed.	I experienced some nausea and fatigue when first taking it.	I take Hyzaar once a day in the morning to keep my blood pressure in the normal range.
reduction in depression and anxiety with increased sense of well being, ability to focus on everyday activities, reduction in negative thoughts and increase in social activity.	initially experienced digestive discomfort, diarrhea, agitation and insomnia, dry mouth, chills and sweats, and headache; all mild and disappeared after about 2 weeks.	I took 10 mg. of lexapro once per day. I also saw a counselor.
gave son the confidence to go to sleep as he had been staying awake - worried to sleep for fear of wetting the bed, proved to son not his fault as he blamed himself, helped with washing of bedding every day - stress. Gave son the confidence to sleep at other venues loke friends houses, he would never have done that	son put on weight, the dr said this was not linked but when son stopped the medication he lost weight	Nasil spray one spray and inhail before bed time- combined with reduced drinks especially caffine before bed time. This was nightly and each canister lasted about two months
you take the pills for 90 days, daily.  You only get your period 4 times/year.  Some people have breakthough bleeding but I didn't have any bleeding. I didn't take the placebos, I started the next 90 day pack of pills and skipped my period.	I really didn't have any side effects other than no getting my period.	1 pill per day for 90 days then 7 days of placebo
reduction in cholesterol level and gave me more energy as well as making me feel better. it is a medicaton that combines zocor and zetia. zocor works on the production of cholesterolin the liver and zetioa works on absorption of cholesterol in the digestive system	muscle fatigue which causes my leg muscles to get tired in about 45 minutes on a elliptical stairmaster or in a mountain hike where the elevation change is greater than 500 feet. sometimes my calf muscles cramp up even without doing any strenuous exercise.	take one pill/day in morning and maintain a low fat diet, usually avoiding red meat and other high fat foods such as nuts. with out the low fat diet it is not as effective a medciation as it it is when combined with a low fat diet. exercise is also a strong combination with vytorin.
Virtually stopped joint and then digestive flares entirely.	development of an imbalance of natural-to-the-body fungi of the scalp, chest and feet that required antifungal creme as treatment	Humira taken as a self-injected shot much like an epipen. Very painful at time of shot. Have moved just last week from every two weeks to every three.
"it subsided inflammation in the intestines.  therefore resulting in

less pain and discomfort.  hopefully less diarrhea."	liver damage.  everyone I spoke to said this is a very dirty drug.  this is a cancer type of treatment,  (chemo)  it is old and very hard on the liver.  can result in very serious liver damage very quickly.	weekly 1 mg needle
I have had problems falling asleep for many years. I had tried various other medicines, both over the counter and prescription, and nothing seemed to work - some didn't work at all, some helped me initially fall asleep but woke me up in the middle of the night, and others made me tired and feeling as if I were drugged the next morning. Then one day, my dentist prescribed one Ativan to take before bedtime the night before an extraction, and I actually fell asleep standing up! This is the first sleep medication that helps me initially fall asleep, sleep through the night, and doesn't make me feel tired the next day. Plus, it has the added benefit of helping to reduce my worry, anxiety, and stress that had always kept me from falling asleep before.	One of the warnings on the bottle is "May cause drowsiness". Well, that's why I am taking it! If you don't want to feel drowsy, then Ativan is probably not for you. Another drawback is that if it is used too often, your body will get used to it and you may have to bump up your dose. When I first began taking Ativan, I only needed half a mg. to fall asleep, so I would cut a tablet in half. I only use it 3 or 4 times a month, but even at that dosage, after having used it for several years, I now find I have to take a whole tablet in order for the Ativan to help me sleep.	After having this prescribed to me by my dentist, I knew it was very effective. I'd tried various other medications prescribed by my doctor to help me sleep, so I told him I'd like to try Ativans as they had worked so well as a relaxant before a dental extraction. We worked together to come up with a dosage, and he then prescribed the 1mg. As stated before, the one mg. was more than enough at first, so I would cut the tablets in half and for the first couple years this worked just fine. For the past couple years though, I've had to use the 1mg. before bedtime... and will probably have to talk with my doctor soon about going to a stronger dosage as I am noticing lately that it is not working as well as it once did.
Greatly reduced severe migraines that were occurring almost daily.  This drug was added as a preventative medication when migraines became so dibilitating that I could not function in everyday life, i.e., go to work, take care of self and family, etc.  Migraines were reduced after approximately 6-8 weeks on the medication to about 1 per month and then continually reduced to 1 every 3 to 6 months as I stayed on the medication.  I also use the medication to manage my mood disorder (bi-polar disorder) and was able to not have to take a mood stabalizer, because this drug also manages to keep me from getting "manic", so it is an extra "bonus" on top of the migraine management!!	The only side effect I noticed was some weight loss in the beginning.  My doctor was very careful to start me out on 50 MG and move me up VERY slowly to the 200 MG 2x per day, which I understand is a very high dosage and took all of 4 years to get to that dosage.  I was monitored every 30 days to ensure that I was not losing too much weight, having any type of eye problems, or numbness in my hands or feet--the eye problems, and numbness I never experienced; but was always told that if I did experience even a hint of these things, that I would have to stop the medication immediately--so my doctor does constantly ask me about those things.  I have also read that Topamax has been used to treat alcoholics, and have noticed that since taking it, I have no desire to drink alcohol at all--but I am not an alcoholic--just a unique observation.  It really just seems like a great drug!!	I am still taking it to manage both  my migraines and my mood disorder--200 MG 2x per day.  I take 2 in the AM and 2 in the PM.  It is prescribed by my Neurologist and managed by him mostly; and my psychatrist also works with him, because if I ever go off of the drug, I would be required to go onto a mood stabalizer due to the bi-polar disorder.  I would be very unhappy to have to go back onto something like Depakote, because that made me very slow and sluggish and Topamax does not have that side effect.
Within a week, I felt as if dark cloud of loneliness and unbearable sadness had drifted away.	I had some GI issues, some bloating and intestinal gas, but this went away after a few weeks.	Initially I was a participant in a blind study, which lasted about six weeks.  I suspected that I was not in the control group because of my dramatic results.  Following the study, we were each given a consultation with the physician who was overseeing the test.  He was the head of the Psychopharmacology Department at the University of Pennsylvania.  He explained to me how the drug worked and suggested that I stay on it for a while.  I remember he remarked how I walked the first few days of the test, and how different my demeanor became after the first week.  I stayed on the drug for close to two years, then weaned myself off.
I have chronic allergies because I am allergic to dust rather than a seasonal allergen, like ragweed. I have tried many products, but typically they are so drying that I am forced to discontinue use. This product is effective at reducing the production of mucus and eye irritation from a sever allergy to dust. I haven;t used this	Generally, I find allergy medications, such as Claritin and Zyrtec to be too drying to be useful. I live in a dry city (Los Angeles) and I am prone to nose bleeds, dry eyes and dry skin. There is still some drying associated with this drug if I take it daily. However, if I take it occasionally, it is fine. I also can tolerate prolonged usage of this medication better than  I can other allergy medications.	The prescription says to take 1 tablet every day as needed for allergies. My allergist suggested I use this daily, as I have chronically dark circles under my eyes and a drippy nose, even though I have a home with zero carpet and have sealed my bed and pillows in allergen barriers. However, I do not take this daily because it is drying and costly to do so. I use this occasionally when I sleep at someone';s house or need to dust or sweep.
able to function at job and sleep with neck pain. Addressed tension and inflammation issues that allowed me to be able to use my arms freely and to also be able to lay on my neck at night to be able to sleep.	sleepy	used to eliviate neck pain to be able to function at work
After menopause, I experienced painful intercourse and some bleeding caused by vaginal dryness. I tried over-the-counter lubricants including suppositories but found them to be inconsistent and they also masked sensitivity in the vaginity area.	Vagifem has little side effects. I occasionally notice some discharge. I also feel bloated for a day or so after inserting.	The small tablet is inserted vaginally twice a week. It's recommended that you do so at the same time of day. Twice a week is somewhat difficult to keep track of. Does that mean every 3 days or every 4 days? It involves marking treatment down on a calendar to maintain a regular schedule.
Decreased headache pain from 10/10 to 0/10 within a few hours. Took at least 30 minutes to feel pain start to decrease, then causes fatigue. I like the fact that it disintegrates sublingually, because vomiting is often associated with my headaches and I am never sure how much medication is retained afterward if I have taken a tablet.	It always puts me to sleep for an hour or two. After waking, I sometimes feel a little shakey, but the pain is gone. I wouldn't take this med if I were out of the house due to the grogginess.	Treatment for migraine when otc's, or prescription level ibuprophen (800 mg) are not effective. Used for moderate migraine if it lasts a few days, or when pain reaches 8 to 10/10.
It would ease the throbbing feeling associated with a migraine.	Low blood pressure.	You could feel a marked difference in your blood pressure, that was the only negative side effect. Other than that, it helped calm the pulsating sensation you would get with an intense migraine. Helping you to relax and feel better.
Cleared up nasal passages pretty well.  Was about as effective as pseudophedrine, but longer lasting.	Acne	I was prescribed generic Flonase about 6 months ago for nasal congestion due to allergies. I've always had some sporadic adult acne flair ups from time to time, but it got much worse after I started using this nasal spray. I even started getting some pimples on my chest which I never had before.  I didn't know the Flonase was the cause until recently when I was looking up information on acne treatments online. I came across something that said steroids could cause acne, so I looked up the side effects of Flonase and sure enough acne was listed.  I stopped using Flonase a week and a half ago and the acne is completely gone!
Fewer hot flashes & irritability.	Considerably sore breasts first 4-5 months of treatment.  I would encourage women with breast tenderness to hang in there.  It went away completely over time.  Once in a while I have a day or two of soreness, but very tolerable.	Started with 0.025 mg 2 X per week.  Then started having more hot flashes so am trying 0.0375 mg.  If cost is an issue, you CAN cut these patches.  So if you wanted 0.025 you could buy the 0.05 and cut it in half.
Changed my life- for the better	Skin picking (at hands) when peak dosage declines	To treat adult ADD.  Alleviated many elements of anger/depresion that had been present since childhood. Completely eradicated a 10 year cocaine habit (cocaine used to get through the day, get tasks accomplished).  Never used cocaine again.  Ended 20 years of heavy social drinking.
sleep well	a little groggy the next day---not much----just the first couple of times .	take once a night as needed for sleep.
My libido increased and energy. I have really bad anxiety, it actually helped it..my mood really hasn't changed much. I seen happier because of the weight loss. It's a good program if you want to loose a lot of weight..	I did have shortness of breath and a little paranoia..it subsisted after a week or so..really bad cravings for water (that's a good thing)and little bit of an appetite..always mad sure i ate 3 times a day..small meals and gym 4x week..	(1) pill in the morning with food or 8fl oz water..never took more than two..
Eliminated hormonal cysts; 3 years with no recurrence.	Dry lips.	Roaccutane was prescribed for late onset adult acne consisting of large cysts on the chin and jaw. Improvement was observed within 10 days. Liver function was monitored. Complete remission of all symptoms for over 3 years. A highly satisfactory outcome.
The decrease in aniety greatly increased the quality of life for the patient.	Some delayed sexual function, although not severe.  Some muscle jerks and twitches.	Two attempts were made to discontinue use, but both times the uncontrollable anxiety returned.  After the first attempt, the med was restarted and symptom relief was restored.  The patient has just increased the dosage back to 20 mg after having weened down to 5 mg and is hoping that symptoms will subside once again.  If efficacy returns the patient desires to remain on the med indefinitely.
The Vermox killed off the effects of the parasitic illness which included extreme fatigue, chronic diarrhea, dehydration, and weight loss.  The Celexa was effective in elevating my mood which had been diagnosed as depression.  It was the doctor???s belief that the long term effects of the parasite presence in my body led to my decline in physical and mental health.  I continued on the generic form of Celexa, Citalopram for a total of three years.  I no longer take medication for depression and my health is quite good.	The side effect of the Vermox was primarily a metallic taste in my mouth which lasted throughout the treatment of twenty one days.  The Celexa  gave me a symptoms of dry mouth as well as some decrease in sexual desire.	I took a Vermox tablet orally for three weeks and another dose for three days a month later.  I began taking a dosage of Celexa of 40mg which was eventually reduced to 20mg per day after about 1 ??? years.  I continued a dosage of 20mg for another 1 ??? years, but switched to the generic form, Citalopram.
clearer skin, did not affect weight	moodier then usual	I've been taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 8 years now. I'm (21) I began taking BC when I was 14 because I was having irregular periods and was diagnosed with possible PCOS ( Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome) Pros:The BC hasn't altered my appetite or weight...I have never suffered from severe acne but noticed that my skin appeared clearer while taking the pills... predictable periods...no cramps or bloating...Cons: the only negative side effect I noticed was that I was moodier then usual. Ortho Tri-Cyceln Lo has worked well for me...everyone is different so I can't say how it will work for everyone else. I hope this was helpful. My doctor recommended Yasmin but I'm scared to try it because of all of the negative reviews it has received!
After a week of taking 20 mg a day, I went from suicidal to genuine happiness. I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and my symptoms have already gotten 90% better. My level of stress is very, very low and my depression is pretty much gone. I can go back to doing things I love and I have more energy to go about my day. Only thing is that I also have insomnia and although it has calmed my nightly discomfort, it has not helped me sleep. But I'm waiting for it to help since my doctor said it would take time. I would recommend this drug to anyone!	I started taking it in the morning, but it made me a little drowsy, so I began taking it at night. Makes me more tired, but hasn't helped me overcome my insomnia just yet.	I first began seeing a psychologist who rushed my psychiatric visit. I was originally put on Prozac prescribed from an emergency room to hold me over until I saw my psychiatrist, but it threw my body out of whack and I was having very bothersome side effects. My doctor switched me to Citalopram, the generic for Celexa, and so far it has done wonders for me. I am only taking 20 mg a day and already I feel wonderful, and only after 9 doses. I may not even need to be put on a higher dosage, I feel so great.
I have quite ofren this problem, but the headacke goes away in a few minutes and the medicament works well for other pains too.	I have had stomac acidity if I did not have had a meal before, followed with a nausea, but with full stomac I did not have any side effects.	Only one tablet was enough every time I have had headake
I went to the doctor with a badly herniated disc in my lower back.  It was very inflamed and I had trouble standing completely up right.  The doctor prescribed me hydrocodone for the pain and the diclofenac for the inflammation.  The diclofenac worked really quickly at getting the inflammation down without really any side effects.	I really did not experience any side effects. I did notice however that when I took it on an empty stomach, I would get a little bit nausiated. I took it for two weeks straight and never experienced any bad side effects other than feeling a little sick to my stomach if I did not eat anything before I took it.	I was prescribed diclofenac for a badly herniated disc in my lower back.  When I went in to the doctors office I could barely walk.  He prescribed me diclofenac to be taken 50mg a dose two to three times a day for inflammation.  I took it for about 2 weeks.  I noticed a difference in the inflammation with the first dose.  It worked great for me.
Lowered blood sugar on a daily basis, lowered A1C ratings and led to a much better overall feeling of control for the diabetes.  Allowed for a more varied diet while keeping blood sugar controlled.  Insulin resistance seems to be in better control.  Lowered appetite which led to weight loss.	A little nausea when I first started taking the drub.	A patient is instructed to start out using the 5 mg pen for one month, then if doing well, progressing to the 10 mg pen.  Then the patient is monitored every 3-6 months to determine how well drug is controlling blood glucose which is done by taking the A1C test.
After taking effexor XR, a consideralbe change in attitude and general outlook was improved. Increased desire to do daily activities improved as well as anxiety about social situations descreased somewhat.	There were really no side effects other than when one dose was missed, I became very dizzy.	I was placed on Paxil at first which did work, however I had lots of acne as a result.  After being placed on Effexor, I noticed an immediate change, however because I have been on this dose for a long time, I feel that the effects are wearing off.  I have not yet discussed this with my doctor.
Reduces the swelling of joints and pain associated with Rheumatoid Arthritis.  RA seems to be in remission, but if I dont use a shot for 3 weeks, I start getting flare ups.  I also was able to discontinue methotrexate.  I havent had a real flare up for over a year.	Itchiness at injection site.	Auto injection into alternating thigh every 7 days.
Complete relief of headache - the only drug to take pain away. I used to get a severe headache at least once a month that lasted 48 hours over three days. Zomig has given me back my life and works even if the migraine has become established.	Slight drowsiness and fogginess. Sensitivity to heat in fingers.	Half a pill at onset of migraine, followed if necessary by another half
blodd pressure remained in the low area	drowsiness, loss of libido	once a day
Treatment was not for traditional drug use. It was for sexual experimentation--to see if male orgasm response times were decreased and sexual desire after orgasm remained. This did work.	Mild fatigue and general apathy.	Took .25mg of Cabergoline 2 times per week for 6 weeks. During this time, the test was to see if time between orgasms decreased and if sexual desire remained. Test was successful.
Even though I am a woman, my dermatologist recommended that I use the men's dose of Rogain. It definitely thickened my hair, after using the woman's dose for several years, which just kept me from losing hair.	Mild drying of the scalp	Applied men's formulation of rogaine to my scalp twice a day.
I get occasional migraine headaches. Zomig is very effective in minmizing or eliminating the symptoms, which include severe headache, nausea, photosensitivity. I also get frequent exercise induced headaches, which do not respond to other OTC analgesics such as tylenol or motrin. Zomig is also very effective in minimizing or eliminating the headache pain.	Very mild feeling of flushing, or something like being light headed,	As soon as I determine this is a migraine, (severe headache with nausea) I take a zomig, and in between 45 minutes and 60 minutes, I start to feel a little light headed, and nausea and headache pain withdraw. For exercise headaches, the same pattern applies. As soon as I determine this is an exercise induced headache, I take a zomig, and within 60 minutes the pain has subsided.
It cleared the throat infection (painful throat when swallowing or even touching the neck) and cough significantly after 5 days, and totally cleared symptoms after 2 weeks. My 78-year-old mother could not tolerate many antibiotics. This is 1 of the few that she could take fortunately.	There was dry mouth, which was easily solved by taking lime juice or sour drinks.	The treatment was easy as it involved swallowing tablets and drinking cough mixture.
Moderate lightening of hyperpigmentation, smoothing of fine lines and wrinkles	Significant peeling of skin around nose and chin, very flakey and noticable, along with all over redness on cheeks, nose and chin.	At night, applied pea size amount of cream after cleansing face. Significant peeling around the mouth and nose, so avoided these areas except 1x per week. Peeling would subside after skipping 1 to 2 days of treatment, so initially used 3x per week until skin became adapted to it. To minimize peeling, daily mild exfoliation of the skin really helped. While my hyperpigmentation is not completely gone, I am pleased with the tone of my skin and the minimized wrinkles.
great focus, mental clarity, helped me wake up, made me care about doing things and getting things finished, improved my mood. i started eating better for me (when i did eat), and it made me check my blood glucose levels more (so improved my health).	didn't eat as much, was a little emotionally cold sometimes.	after psychological testing, was put on Adderall XR (I have known I was ADHD and needed medication for a long time, actually). i have nothing but good things to say about it. makes me feel "normal" for once. i finally am in control of things. also, after going on Adderall XR, I have been able to go off my Cymbalta (neither my doctor or I have figured out why this is... but it is!)
I have already noticed my mood becoming more stable, and it has only been a month since I have started this medicine.  I feel like I have become less emotional and more rational.  I still have some anxiety, but that is why I take buspirone 2X a day with this drug.	I have had a constant headache with this drug.  After I first take it, I feel somewhat fatigued and dizzy.  I was on Depakote in the past and definitely had more side effects, such as alopecia.  My psychiatrist told me that these associated headaches should become less severe the longer I take this medication.	Right now I am just taking 25 mg Lamictal once a day. I recently just stop taking Adderall, and so far have experience less anxiety.  I also take busiprone twice a day with the lamictal.
greatly diminished arthritis pain, increased joint flexibility.	small nicks / scratches bled more easily	I started taking 10mg piroxicam about 12 or 13 years ago for arthitis pain in my hands with great results. Subsequently developed arthritis in both knees and have stayed on same dosage with good relief of symptoms. Dosage was increased to 20mg after a tibial plateau fracture of a severely arthritic knee and I stayed at that dosage for about two years.  Have recently lost 20+ pounds and returned to the 10mg dosage with only slight decrease in relief of discomfort.
It is very effective for falling and staying asleep.  Much more than over the counter medications.	a bit groggy in the morning.  It usually wore off by 9am or so but I wouldn't recommend to anyone with a job that requires intense focus.	Take one pill in needed before bed.
Almost immediate reduction in pain and inflammation that was not resolved by trimethoprim previously- this is a lower uti drug.  Slept much better with less discomfort although tenderness remained for a few days.	Slight nausea as to be expected but swollen tender nipples which is something I'm not prone to.	Take one tablet at regular intervals 3 times a day complete the course as reduced symptoms dont mean the bacteria are fully gone.
relieves most migraines if caught fairly early.  I've had some migraines that it was ineffective against.	fatigue, dry mouth	take a pill at the onset of a migraine.
"My daughter  was unable to focus and concentrate during classes.  

Her marks were terrible, she was failing many classes in spite of studying for hours on end (I can verify this as I studied with her) Her self esteem was very low due to this and the fact that she has a sister who consistently achieves high grades.  She became depressed and frustrated by this situation.



After seeing a neurologist and doing many test she was diagnosed with ADD.  We started her on Adderall and the results have been amazing.  Now, she does minimal studying and her marks are EXCELLENT!  She is able to focus and really pay attention in classes so the information is not only understood but retained.  Her self esteem has soared and she is once again a happy little girl."	We took her off the time released medication and switched is a regular so that it would not interfer with her sleep which it did in the beginning with the time released.	She takes 10 mg at 6:00 A.M. and another at 12:00 noon which lasts through homework.  This is only on school days and we go off althought during summer and school holidays with not adverse effects
It made a noted difference to my depression, but not much to my anxiety. If anyone is hyperactive this drug seemed to be sedating and gentle (if u can handle that).	"The only side effect i encounterd was sleepness, however i slept great every night but also felt like sleeping all day. i am a mother of 3 kids under 4 years old and soon found the loss of energy had to cope with.  **

I realy have nothing bad to say about this drug, however if you are at a loss for energy to begin with, this drug will make it worse."	30 mg tab  1 x daily for 3 months
"I was able to create a tasks list, complete the list in full and stay focused for a full days work, and not get sidetracked or feel the least bit tired.

Day after day, I continued to work better than I had been able to for years."	Lack of appetite was a problem at first.  Edgy when the medicatin is wearing down (10 hours after taking.)	Had to go to a psychiatrist to get it prescribed.  Check ups every 3 months to determine effectiveness.  So far everything is a go!  I cannot express how this has changed my life!
This medication relieve nervousness and tension and improve sleep disturbances.	This medication causes drowsiness and dizziness, memory loss and depression	i take this drug on an as-needed basis. i take this drug 30 to 60 minutes prior to bedtime. I take it for three weeks on a regular basis. the first week three times the second week two times and the third week three times. The drug was very effective. I fel immediatly in sleep.The most common side effects of benzodiazepine i had were drowsiness and impaired coordination. Other side effects include slowed mental processing, confusion, memory impairment and fatigue.
able to taper off on the Allevert and just use this. Helped with congestion, helped with sleeping.	Fear of nasal polyps and being "addicted" to medication. I stopped using it as soon as allergy season was over. I like the product, but am concerned about long-term effects.	Now allergies seem to be coming back, so starting again, using one spray instead of two per nostril. Still seems to work.
Diminished extreme highs& lows, decreased anxiety/panic attacks, diminished urges to self multilate [Felt absolutely compelled to punch my legs, arms, and head at times of anxiety attacks a way to numb pain of anxiety inside]. Mental clarity. Felt a sense of control over eating behaviors [Felt I had a choice to binge/purge or not]. This drug was a miracle as I admitted myself to the ER after feeling all loss of control over my extreme mood swings [very happy/joyfull to "no reason to live" the next minute], my bulimia, self-mutilation, & anxiety. I felt as if I was on a very thin thread of life, I was ready to quit seeking any sign of serenity, until I was given hope with Lamictal. I was able to hold on to life, with a promise that soon the medications will start working. Mental health issues run deep in my father's family. I've always been hesitant to solve my problems with meds, trying virtually every alternative medicine [even hypnotherapy]. I wish I would have looked into this earlier- knowing that my problems had deep genetic roots [chemical imbalace].	Made me a little sleepy, which actually helped my sleeping problems as well. Might have affected the ease to reach orgasm- however i think lexapro was the main culprit of that side effect having taken that med previously [lexapro has also helped my bulmia & depression].	"Started off at 25 mg, increaing to 50, 100, and now at 200mg, which I will stay at. 20 mg of lexapro, taken nightly as well, mainly for depression and anxiety. 



Recommended to see a therapist twice a week, initially. [With a temporarily heavy work schedule- unable to make consistant appointments. However, i keep making leaps and bounds in tearms of behavioral health progress! I intend on following recommendations in the near future as my work load levels out."
One of the side effects of Seroquel is sleepiness. Depression and fatique were a result of lack of deep sleep. Seroquel allowed the patient to obtain deep (REM) sleep allowing for a rejuvinated physical state that, in turn, lifted the mood and outlook of the patient.	Headache and drowsiness during the day were the number one and two side effects. The drowsiness was kept in check by adjusting the doseage downward.	"Started with 25 mg, moved up to 50 mg and then to 100 mg per day. Found it best to move back to 50 mg to avoid side effects.

Note: Seroquel is usually used as an antipsychotic medication and/or used for manic depression. It was used in this case to 1) help with a sleep disorder that 2) led to depression."
I saw a reduction of pore size because I think my skin was getting tighter, I dont know if because of the drying. However, you could see a smoother appeareance. I didnt have a significant improvement in the fine lines. I am attributing this because they are expression lines under my eyes.	drying and peeling.	I used it every other night as instructed. Sometimes during the weekends I didnt apply for 2 days in a row, to let my skin rest and to use other moisturizing. products. Your skin definitely gets used to renova over time. I was afraid at first because of all the negative reviews concerning irritation. Please apply only a thin layer of this product. Thanks.
Gabapentin was prescribed to me for bi polar disorder.  Using no other meds I have taken this in the past with no side effects. I have been taking gabapentin for about a month.Does well with my depression.Only took about a week to feel better.Strange but true.	I also take hydrocodone for chronic kidney stones and back pain. Upon mixing Gabapentin and Hydrocodone I turned into a raging , hateful person. I was hateful to my family and could not stand myself!I wanted to hurt myself and others. Taking these two meds together changed my whole personality.It is clear that I cannot take these two together.  I will stay on the Gabapentin but will only take Hydrocodone when I am in extreme pain! It seems to help others when taking Hydrocodone and Gabapentin together but I will NEVER do this again.Gabapentin makes me sleep well. I used to get up 2 or 3 times per night but with this med I sleep all night and it has helped my depression a great deal.The only side effect I have noticed from Gabapentin was a little dizziness when I first begin taking it. It has since went away.	Gabapentin 600 mg at bedtime. Hydrocodone 7.5 mg every 4 hours or as needed.Valium as needed for sleep.
It is moderately effective in reducing the pain, and very effective in reducing the inflammation, swelling and heat in the joints.  I had not realized just how effective it is, until I ran out recently, and was without it for a few days.  I guess I had forgotten how debilitating OA can be.  Without it, I walk with a cane- with it, I don't need a cane, and can even walk for a mile or so for exercize, without 'paying for it' the next day.	At first it made me pretty drowsy.  After about three weeks, my body adjusted to it, and the drowsiness went away.  I have to be sure to take Etodolac after eating a meal, or it causes rather pronounced nausea.  I've found that it has to be an actual meal, too.  Just a nibble of something isn't enough to prevent the upset stomach.	I am severely allergic to Aspirin and Naproxyn, so cannot take these for the pain and inflammation of osteoarthritis.  I developed OA in both knees after injuring the cartilage and the arthroscopic surgery to try to repair the damage.  My left knee still has a little cartilage, but the right knee has bone on bone.  I had been taking Vioxx, which worked very well, but then it was pulled off the market.  Mobic did not work very well, so we went on to Etodolac.  Once a year, I have to go in and get bloodwork done, to make sure I have not developed any liver damage.
Reduced swelling due to water retention; reduced high blood pressure.	Dry mouth and night sweats.	One dose daily was immediately effective in reducing swelling; blood pressure was reduced within 3 weeks.  Night sweats and dry mouth were the primary side effects.  Moderate weight loss (water weight) occurred within one week (total five pounds).
"I have had headaches since age 17.  The acid reflux isn't as bad as it used

to be."	"For my Blood Pressure its been as high as 199/105 and as low as 120/72.  I have

a fear of drs and hospitals and white coats.  No matter how I try to relax it

seems the pressure is always high.  I had the other BP meds, Norvasc, Altonel,

and used a diuretic to no avail."	"I am now dealing with high blood pressure and looking down the road at a hip

and knee replacement."
"Low back pain would almost be completely relieved about 40 mins. after taking Vicodin.

With severe pain, I took 1 1/2 tablets which helped."	Made be slightly sleepy but was able to function normally.	"Along with taking Vicodin as prscribed, I had physical therapy about twice a week.

Vicodin was particularily helpful at night. Before going to bed, I took one or one and a half tablets and was able to sleep quite well. Otherwise, I was very uncomfortable and was losing sleep."
Although this treatment was intended to alleviate symptoms associated with menopause, either the dosage was insignificant or the product was not appropriate for this particular patient.  No relief was experienced in any way.  If anything, symptoms continue to worsen.	No side effects were experienced in any way with the original dosage of 37.5 mg.  Dosage was increased to a level double the original prescription and at this level the anticipated side effects became apparent.  Both drowsiness and dizziness were experienced at the increased dosage.  There was still no significant improvement in the original symptoms.	This was a very short lived "trial" to assess the efficacy of this particular drug for the presenting complaint associated with onset of menopause.  One capsule was taken each night in an attempt to alleviate the disruption to sleeping patterns caused by recurring night sweats.  After a two week period and no relief, the dosage was doubled.  The ensuing side effects of drowsiness, fatigue and occasional dizziness were attributed to the medication. Still no relief of the original presenting symptoms. The value of continuing with this medication was nil, so was discontinued.
Better mood, more energy, weight loss.  Daily outlook was better, fewer outbursts of anger.  I was able to concentrate a little better and be more focused.  I didn't have any moments of the blues or procrastination.	Headaches, aggrivated tinnitus, increased menstrual pain, abdominal pain.  Other general aches and pains in the body which could not be explained.	1 pill 1 time per day.
lowered cholesterol to normal limits, i feel with this drug and changes in my earing habits ,ihave added years to mt life. it is said to protect the heart . i have had a heart attack, so according to my dr. this is good preventive medecine.	loose stools infrequently	between the lipitor and toprol and one aspirin a day, i have not experienced any heart problems in the last five years. i aslo strength train and cardio via treadmill 3x a week.
The benefits of this treatment was there was a decreased amount of bowel movements per day. Also severe cramping and urgency to empty the bowel was decreased by 50% and meals could be enjoyed, even when out in public places where a washroom might not be available.	Somtimes constipation would occur, and there would be a tight, bloating feeling in the lower abdomen.	Treatment was to take this medication one half an hour before eating a meal. Powder was to be mixed in water or other fluid except carbonated beverages. Medication was to be taken for one month to see if there was an improvement in the symptoms of constant diareah after meals.
Excellent improvement of papular pustular acne	Mild GI upset	doxy 100 mg po bid for 60 days then off
It had a dramatic impact in terms of reducing how often I would break out. My skin was smoother and more clear.  And the fine lines around my eyes were reduced dramatically.	I would get some peeling or redness if I applied too much.  If this occurred, I would stop using it for a day or two, and the problem would go away.  It was more of a concern in the winter months when my skin was more dry.  But having oily skin, it usually wasn't a big problem.	I was told to use it at night.  If redness or peeling occurred, use it less frequently.
Reduced pain and discomfort in both arms.  Calmer and less anxious personality. Pt enjoyed her life just a slight bit better and was able to participate in other various activities with her friends, family and to do art work that she loves at the day center where she attends two times a week.	Some mild dizziness initially.  Pt. reported light-headedness when getting up from a chair for a minute or two.  Side effects seem to have resolved, though maybe scattered thinking is slightly more increased.	Pt was initially prescribed neurontin 300mg; one pill in the morning and one pill in the afternoom then two pills at bedtime.  Patient then began to complain of increased pain in upper arms and shoulders after about two years total on the recently described dosages.  The doctor then increased the dose, starting with 300mg, two pills in the morning, then one pill of same at noon and the two pills, 300mg each at bedtime for four days.  After that it will be neurontin 300mg, two pills in the morning, then two pills at noon and two pills at bedtime.  This regeme just began yesterday, so results of such are not yet observable.
feel better overall, not felling dizzy and able to drive safely , frequent headaches are gone, able to concentrate on work and family, better vision at night time	weight gain, moodiness, feel tired all the time, can not operate the car	i have to take one pill a day for six weeks
It seemed to relax me, which reduced some of the muscle pain that I had been having.  It seemed to slightly reduce the nerve pain, but not enough to warrant taking it long-term.  Other than that, I did not notice benefits specific to my fibromyalgia symptoms.  It did seem to neutralize my feelings however.  I could not experience deep sadness.  So, I can see how it would help with people suffering from depression.	I experienced drowsiness in the first 1-2 weeks which went away.  At night, I experienced dry mouth and dry eyes, usually beginning about 8pm through bedtime.  I am a bit more drowsy in the morning.  It takes a bit longer to wake up completely in the morning.	I took 20 mg. 1x per day (in the morning) for the first week, gradually working up to 60mg. 1x per day.  After 2 months, I am tapering down again.  60mg made me too drowsy.
For the treatment of insomnia, this drug induced sleepiness immediately after ingestion which was a tempory and necessary goal of the drug.	minimal side effects included mild grogginess upon waking.	Although this medication was immediately effective in treating insomnia, it was also temporary. More dosage was required after a few weeks, and addiction was possible. Off the medication, insomnia returned and was more severe than prior to taking this drug.
Provigil energizes me which improves my ability to function. Without it, the fatigue I experience due to MS overwhelms me and renders me pretty much useless.	The only side effect is increased wakefulness at night when I'd like to go to  sleep.	The neurologist who first diagnosed the MS prescribed Provigil in 2001. At first I took only 100 milligrams per day, but have gradually increased the dose in order to get the same effect I got initially. I've asked my doctors several times if the drug is addictive, and they say it is not supposed to be.
I could see a dramatic difference in my mood within 3 weeks!  I felt interested in all my hobbies again plus I was smiling and laughing more.  My doctor told me I could be the poster child for Paxil.  This drug made a remarkable improvement in my mild depressive state.  I recently (5 wks ago) underwent gastric bypass surgery.  The doctor that performed this surgery told me not to quit taking Paxil...it would be like losing my best friend.  I have had absolutely no depression after my surgery (which I understand is not common).  This drug is amazing!	The only side effects I had were temporary decreased sexual desire and a decreased ability to have orgasms.  These side effects went away after about 6 months on this drug.	I take one 20 mg. pill once a day at the same time.  I usually take my pill first thing in the morning because it's easier for me to remember.  I did research on this product before I actually started taking it and found that the 20 mg. dose had the same results as the 40 mg. dose and showed no marked improvement.  The 20 mg. dose has been great for me.
Smoother skin with no pimples present. Lessening of fine lines. More even and radiant skin tone	Slight peeling and redness when treatment began	I began taking Retin-A because my skin was having breakouts at a very frequent rate. I began by washing my face with a mild ceanser. I alternated between Dove senstive skin and Cetaphil. The face must be washed gently with NO manipulation, scrubbing or washcloth!! After this I rinse with warm water to make sure all soap residue is gone. I then LIGHTLY pat my face dry with the softest towel I can find. Let the face AIR DRY for 15 minutes, then a PEA size amount of Retin-A can be applied to the face. This little amount is for the WHOLE face. Once the whole face is covered with the Retin-A , let it sink in for 5 minutes, then apply a moisturizer. I like to use Cetaphil cream for this or Moisturel. Remember that Retin-A should ONLY be used at NIGHT!! You must wear an SPF 30 sunscreen during the day as it makes the skin sensitive.
infection, swelling and pain reduction with in 3 days	abdominal cramps	pills 2 xs daily with food and plenty of water
When I took the medication as prescribed, If I were to smoke, I would feel sick to my stomach, it surpressed the thoughts of smoking, and the cravings.  As I have read, its not so much the nicotine, since I can sleep for 8 hours without craving nicotine, its the little voice in my head that tells me its time for my bad habit.  It also surpressed any craving for alcohol.	Vivid dreams, and the loss of my intuitiveness.	One pill twice daily with alot of water.
I'm just starting.I've been on it for a week now and i've lost 5 lbs.I'm also on my period right now.I'm not sure if that effects wieght loss or not.I have a bout 14 days left to be on it and then i will be taken off because of the side effects my doctor only put me on it for 21 days my goal is to lose atleast 7 lbs before im off.I will let you know how it goes!	Jittery,increased heart rate.mild mood swings.	i only have 46 pounds left to get to my goal wieght.I'm trying Adipex to give me a jump start.
Up until 2 years ago, it worked really well on any scarring I had but in the past 2 years it's been irritating when I apply and it doesn't seem to work on the hyperpigmentation I now have.	Have stopped using it and have also learned that it should only be used 3 months at a time.	Stopped using it for the time being.
