reduction in seizures reduction in seizures reduction in seizures didn't have lots of seizures how many times can I say the same thing I'm sorry but there's not a whole lot to say here I keep repeating the same stuff over and over again to get to fifty words.	tired/sleepy very tired sleep and tired very tired sometimes and other times less tired i'm sorry not more to say other than 50 words so blah blah see above see above see above see above see above	took it for seizure took pills drank with water drank water and took pills took pills drank water drank water took pills took pills drank water drank water took pills toook pills drank water drank water toook pills took pills drank water drank water took pills.
some pain relief recieved minimized pain when touched	signigicant swelling of hands and feet so significant and uncomfortable that I had to discontinue the medication regimine	I started on 50mg twice aday with out any pain relief.  The dosage was increased to 100mg twice a day with some pain relief but the side effects began
The benefits were to eventually stop smoking.	At first I experienced a slight headache and upset stomache.	I was to take 1 small dosage pill twice a day for 1 week.  Then increase the pill to the regular dose gradually after that week.  The medication is suppose to stop you from wanting to smoke basically by making you sick to your stomache when you smoke. During the first week you can smoke, but the second week you have to stop.
Stopped inflammation. Reduced need for pain killers such as tylenol and advil.	Weight gain, osteoporosis, moon face; noticed muscle weakness. Could not simply stop; had to taper off or risk side adenson disease. Seemed more sensitive to fatigue.	Taken daily orally once a day. Eventually tapered off to 5 mg. per day, then 5 every other day, then 5 once a week.
Was able to study 6 hours in a row, pay attention in class rather than daydream, made me want to be perfect and learn everything.	"Loss of appetite, dry mouth, insomnia, OCD habits.

Last week, due to taking a class that was crammed into 2 weeks rather than 15 weeks, I took 9 adderall within a span of 5 days (mon-fri).  By Wednesday night, I had a lot of trouble breathing, I would take really deep quick breaths over and over.  This continued Thurs & Fri.  My heart beat was unstable by Thursday.  Thursday and Friday I had diarrhea all day, and by Friday night there was blood in my diarrhea."	20mg XR once a day
All symptoms of sinus infection gone by third day.	From taking Augmentin before in the past, I knew that the way to avoid the nausea was to take it with food PLUS a large glass of orange juice. I forgot the first time, and was nauseous. Once I started taking the pill with orange juice, I was no longer nauseous. But I had diarrhea from the second day onwards, plus a yeast infections that I treated with myconazole and probiotics.	Twice a day for 5 days with large glasses of orange juice, which cuts the nausea.
"Dexedrine as well as effexor, I found for my add works well the first few times, then the efficacy wears

off because of tolerance.



So now I take supplements, and find they work just as well but take 2 months to feel effects."	"when my doctor increase dexedrine to 30 mg, I got speed but not the focus and I became OCD-seriously.

It kept me up all night.



Effexor which i took for 10 years numbs you out.  I was on 75 mg for add and depression.  I did cure depression but not really the add."	"already described above.  I do not believe in pharmacuticals for neurological disorders.



Supplements can provide benefits, but the process is long and expensive.  There is not standard cure

for any central nervous condition.  It takes time and reading and research, and taking a pill is only a short term solution.  I had allergies and my homeopathic doctor cleared my pathways that were not getting nutrients to my brain.  I am now dieting and staying away from gluten and lactose and processed food.



I'm doing detoxing and find with all the natural changes I have increased energy and do not have to depend on drugs.



Who know what the side effects are?  I could have aged my liver."
The accutane dried my skin and it was not oily like before I took the drug.  It helped in newly developing acne and cleared up the acne I already had.	While it helped my face, it consequently dried out the skin on my whole body as well. This was the third time I had treatment with accutane.  I still have some under-the-skin bumps but they are not as severe as they originally were.	This was an oral treatment and the regimine was twice daily.  I had to constantly use a moisturizer and my lips became the most dried and cracked than they had ever been before.
ability to function/interact better especially in public.	nausea dizzyness	started on 5mg then 10mg then 20mg then was brought down again to 10mg over the two year period.  combined with monthly psychiatric follow ups.
reduced bowel inflammation over a long period of time. when flare ups were severe, patient had to increase dose to 40mg daily and the dosage was tappered back to original dosage of 10mg.	there was a loss in bone density. however, after introducing actonel the patient's bone density did improve. also, the patient did report problems with concentration and did report mood swings.	the treatment was used because the condition was not improving with the use of other medications. therefore, after introducing prednisone the patient's condition improved significantly. when the patient stopped taking the medications it resulted in the resurgence of a flare up.
The drug helped to lift me out of the worst part of the depression, but it's not a complete cure.	"Nausea that varied from day to day. Some days were almost unnoticeable while others were almost intolerable. Didn't get any better the longer I took the meds.



Constipation and Diaohhrea. Swings between the two which is really annoying."	No medication is a complete cure for depression. I had tried at least half a dozen other medications before we settled on this one.
none particularly, i guess my appetite was reduced but after a while thats not a good thing. i only took them for 2 weeks so i didn't give then enough time to kick in and work probably because the side effects were too much to take	apathy, tiredness, sleeplessness, felt worse; emotionally numbing. I couldn't stay awake in the day and just wanted to lie down and had zero motivation to do anything. I also had bad headaches, different to my normal migraines.	after 2 weeks  stopped taking the drug - i felt ill for days afterwards then decided to improve my diet, exercise and attitude and now feel a lot better
i was able to focus and organize my thoughts in a clear and concise manner.  i completed tasks more efficiently and had more patience with my children.	dry mouth, thirsty, dehydration, racing heart at times, inability to fall asleep at times	i was on adderall  off and on for approximately 3 months.  i was diagnosed with adult add and put on adderall to control it.  it worked quite effectively but u decided to discontinue using it and seek alternative non medicinal treatments
slight improvement in reduction of my mild acne.  To be honest, the improvement was not even noticeable after two months..	Severe pain in pores.  Also, my dermatologist did not tell me that I could not wax my eyebrows while using this-- It will literally rip the top layer of skin off!!	Applied daily (at night) to affected areas with acne
Drug was effective in helping the me the sleep I needed. Did its job flawlessly.	Aside from the usual drowsiness, I had a hangover feeling in the morning and as a result took the pill 2 hours before bed which resolved it. The warning label states sex drive may lessen, but with me it increased, quite dramtically actually. Usually one would consider increased sex drive a being good, but with me it was becomming disruptive to my life and the reason why I stopped taking it. I still give it high praise as it relieved my anxiety very effectively.	Do not want to disclose
I was plagued with sleeplessness, and the seroquel worked wonders for that. I've noticed a decrease in the speed of my thoughts and can concentrate much better than before.	I find it gives me pretty severe tremors in my hands. It doesn't happen as often as it used to, but when it does it's almost a minute before it stops. Also I get extemely vivid dreams, usually about mundane things. Some light headedness and dizziness still occurs, but the instances are few and far between now.	Was hospitalized for two weeks after a suicide attempt. Was treated in hospital and released after properly medicated and was of sound mind.
It made me happier. I did not feel down and hopeless while on the drug.	The drug made me drowsy. I would sleep for nine or ten hours at night and still need a nap during the day. It also decreased my motivation to get things done.	I was diagnosed as having mild depression when I was 17. I was prescribed a mild dose (10mg) of celexa by my doctor. At the time, (being a teenager) I was frequently tired anyway. I think this is why I did not notice the side effect at first. But years later, I decided to try going off it, and discovered an increase in energy and motivation. After that, I tried a few other drugs like lexipro (which gave me the same side effects), and Wellbutrin (which made me feel manic, highly anxious and stressed). I had tried the Wellbutrin because I was told it would not make me sleepy. Unfortunately, in increased my anxiety to the extreme. Recently, I have gone to a therapist and with some therapy, I am no longer on any drugs. This is what I should have done in the first place.
The drug was used for removal of harmful stomach bacteria; it was a strong course of drugs but effective.	I had a blackened tongue, the drug seemed to affect kidney / liver function, creating grey skin appearance and lethargy over course of medication.  Did not mix with alcohol.	The drug taken for ten days in conjunction with antibiotic course, to treat multiple stomach ailments.  The pills were large, but taken singly, so the treatment was easy to follow.
Completely eliminated my acne while I was on the drug, however acne did return once I stopped, though not as bad.	"Dry skin, which was easily taken care of with a moisturizer.

Dry lips.

I didn't experience any of the other side effects often mentioned such as depression."	"I would take 2x20mg pills daily. I needed to moisturize my face once a day also.

When i began I weaned myself onto the drug -- take 20mg for the first week before stepping upto the 40mg dose."
Achieved and maintained long term sobriety. No longer was exposed to the dangers of active asddiction. Began leading a healthy and productive lifestyle. Overall health improved. Mental health improved and stabilized.	While taking methadone I gained a significant amount of weight and metabolism slowed markedly. Suffered from chronic constipation wich also led to bloating and stomach discomfort.	Daily dosage starting at 30mg and slowly increasing to maitenance dose. Attended several educational groups in addition to regular group counseling, one on one counsiling, regular U/A's and regular bloodwork along with yearly physicalls.
None yet	None...YET	After reading these reviews, I'm afraid of even starting this drug even with doctor's Rx. of t.5 mg daily.   Occasionally very effective but below average I think.   Why run tge risk of some of the horrible side effects, e.g. stomach surgery.  No thanks.  I'll take my prednisone!!
The Ortho Tri-Cyclen provided effective birth control, and it also did cause my mentstrual cylcle to be more regular. My periods were less heavy, and I did not have such severe menstrual cramping each month while I was taking the pills. There are no other benefits to taking the pill that I am aware of.	I experienced migraine headaches several times per week where I could not do anything other than lay down with the lights off while on this medication. At first, I had no idea what was causing them, but my doctor informed me that my symptoms could be indicative of a more severe side effect, and she therefore advised me to stop taking them. They also caused some bloating and moodiness.	The Ortho Tri-Cyclen birth control pills are a low dosage progesterone treatment that is intended to prevent pregnancy. I was required to take one pill every day. My understanding is that I experienced a relatively rare side effect with the migraines. I have not heard any similar complaints from friends who were taking the same pill, other than complaints about weight gain, bloating and mild acne.
almost 100% elimination of allergy symptoms	mild-moderate fatigue on awakening, brain fog till after lunch (at 10 mg dose)	Started on Zyrtec after Claritin was ineffective and Allegra caused arrhythmias.  Combined with nasal steroid spray for very effective relief of allergies.  Cut dose to 5 mg daily to reduce brain fog/fatigue issue - this works most of the time, ezcept on high mold spore or pollen days.
Decreased crying and depression.  Decreased anxiety.  Got rid of insomnia.	20mg - Mild nausea, stomach aches.  Dry mouth.  It made me very, very tired, so I take it before bed and sleep wonderfully. With 40mg dosage - increased sweating, faintness, nearly passing out.	I started with the 20mg dosage and it seemed to be working pretty well until about a month in when I had a bad anxiety attack.  After seeing the doctor, she upped me to 40mg.  After one dosage of 40mg, I nearly passed out twice and started profusely sweating.  My hearing also went all funny.  The doctor advised me to drop back down to 20mg and then try to go back up to the 40mg.  Emotionally, I felt better after the 40mg, even after nearly fainting, but the side effects were very bad.
I thought the benefits would be one period every 3 months, pregnancy prevention, regulated periods. I also read that they would be lighter and shorter and help with acne. WRONG!	Well I was quite leary about starting Seasonique, I was already taking Yaz and I loved it, but 4 periods a year why pass that up. From the moment I started taking it, it wasn't a decreased sex drive, I had none at all, which made the birth control completely useless to me. In addition to that, the acne just kept getting worse, I didn't have acne to begin with besides the occasional blemish here and there. It started getting worse on my face, then my chest, then my back, (it's not just one here or one there, my back, chest, and chin are seriously covered) I've even had one on my ribs! Crazy! My boobs no longer fit into my bras, even some shirts. It was like they doubled in size overnight (not a huge problem, just annoying with no explanation). I went out and bought a bra, a week later it didn't even cover my boobs. Lastly, I've been fretting the last 2 weeks because I still haven't gotten my period! I never had a problem with my periods showing up in the past, they've always been lighter and not very long, pretty ideal actually. The Dr. said I would bleed between... still not bleeding! I've taken 3 pregnancy tests, wasted 10 bucks on each! Oh yeah, I've been crying for no reason at all the last month. I started crying over some lady I didn't even know at work. I do not recommend taking Seasonique. I know it must be expensive although I don't know how much because my Dr. gave me sample packs and I'm not going to bother refilling it. Also they give you a coupon for $50 off and $25 off the next refill, if they are giving that much off it must be a lot. It wasn't terrible, just nothing was expected (and I still have no clue as to why I haven't gotten a period yet). I've tried several other birth control pills and never had any side effects with any of them. This is the first time I tried one where I only get a period every three months so maybe those are way different or something. If you are looking for a good pill, Yaz worked great for me and I never had any breakthrough bleeding, mood swings, loss of sex drive, acne or anything. Hope this helps.	1 pill every day for 12 weeks, then 1 week of period pills
Before treatment I could not breathe sufficiently to move about. After taking the medication for approximately three days the symptons began to subside and I was albe to function again. All told it took approximately one week before I could return to normal activities.	Increased appetite, blurred vision and mental confusion. I would eat a 1/2 gallon of ice cream each night while on this medicine.	I was prescribed four tablets per day for the first week, then I needed to wean down to three tablets for three days, two tablets for three days and then one tablet for three days.
Bringing heart rate down from dangerous and very painful levels to comfortable levels. This was generally achieved within half an hour and lasted for many hours (i.e. until the spisode had passed - so no repeat dose usually required).	Some dizziness and spaced out feelings.	One tablet every few weeks (on average), when necessary for tachycardia caused by exercise, hot weather, coffee, allergic reactions, sitting for long periods in one posture - particularly on a long place flight; etc.
controlled loose stool and fluid loss due to chemo; nausea control; control of mouth thrush, sores.  The Bentil in particular worked much better than immodium for diarhea control and fluid retention.  It also stopped colon muscle spasm.	dizziness, fatigue, loss of appetite	benil taken 2x a day to control diarhea; flucanzole 1x  a day for thrush; rest of medications for nausea
I can't really say that the benefits were incredibly impressive. The topical treatment was used along side of an antibiotic for a series of weeks.(4-6) The acne condition improved, but never completely. Eventually, after a couple more scattered, severe breakouts in the following years; the acne went away.	The side effects were dry, tender, itchy skin. Lotion and Sunblock were very necessary.	One dime size topical application once every night before bed. This was alternated every other night with a topical retinol cream and combined with an antibiotic pill that was taken daily with a meal.
I was unable to go up and down steps without acute pain and unable to stand long or walk for too long without pain becoming unbearable.  I took my first dose of 100 mg  at bedtime and woke up in morning feeling almost like a new person.Tremendous reduction in pain and spasms of leg with greater range of motion.   After a day or two i had to increase the dosage as the knee started to stiffen up again making walking and steps difficult.	Side effects are sleeping very heavily and waking up beyond my usual time feeling a bit loopy. I am able to drive to work, but find it hard to verbalize during conversations and seem to be grasping for words at times, which is embarrassing in my field of work.i have also found myself to be quite unproductive at work,accomplishing anything seems to be a major chore.	"I have a 6 year history of ruptured discs cervical and lumbar with cord compression post MVA  resulting in leg spasms, fasciculations and strong diffuse leg ache with limited range of motion.also weakness of both extremities and numbness in big toe.

I am on 150mg qhs (once every night before bedtime). I supplement the lyrica with Aleve during the day."
Methadone certainly took care of the back pain I was experiencing. It was better than the other pain meds I tried (vicodin, oxycontin, percocet). The methadone doesn't make me drowsy nor does it give me "buzz".	The side effects is weight gain.  As it was explained to me, the methadone slows down your metabolism, hence the weight gain.	I had scoliosis and also landed on my head in a dirt bike riding accident.I had back and neck surgery. I was fused in my last three vertebrae and had a 14" rod implanted on the left side of my back and also one of the vertebrae in my neck was fused. I had physical therapy and was given methadone for the pain.
"Helped me to feel better.  Lessened anxiety, panic attacks, tension, emotional exhaustion.  I was able to tolerate being around people better because talking did not seem so loud. Once I was used to the drug, it helped me get out of bed and function in day to day life better (falling asleep & getting out of bed was a serious struggle).  Eventually with the combined therapy, I pretty much now feel like myself again, just with less energy reserve and ability to have discipline with my routine.  (For instance, I can't get up early, during the 5am, 6am hours and get to work on time like I use to.  In fact I'm late for everything now which is out of my character) Can' tolerate multiple loads of stress with calmness and collectivity like I use to.  Otherwise day to day life is manageble as long as I obey my bodies new limitations.

I didn't gain weight or increase in appetite.  I struggled with appetite actually and at times had to force myself to eat."	"This drug gave me alot of strange sensations.  When I turned my head left or right, I got this mild scratchy or whip like noise in my ears along with a tingling in my head; also my vision seemed to briefly black out.  This lasted for many months. I thought it was perhaps not real or just in my head. My psychiatrist called it ""tracking"" and confirmed it as a known side affect with paxil use.  I didn't bother to worry anymore about it.  This passed after some months.  I no longer get it.  I felt very dizzy and sleepy at times.  I'd fall asleep anywhere.  I don't know if it was the depression, the paxil, lack of sleep, my body trying to heal from stress.  Sometimes I felt like I was living life from inside of a fish bowl (from sensory standpoint). I was chronically late to my job of 8 years for 2 years straight after suffering this nervous breakdown (due to spousal abuse).  Subsequently, I was fired.

When I miss doses of the paxil, especially 2 or more in a row, I feel like I did when I just started them.  I can barely get out of bed and function.  I'm super sleepy.  I feel drunk.  I'm dizzy.  I will literally go missing for 2 days.  It takes a few days of regular doses to get me back into my normal mode."	Initially I was only prescriped paxil and xanax.  I took only these for a few months under my PMD.  Dose was increased from a lower one to 20mg as my depression and anxiety symptoms were still moderately severe, impairing my work performace and other quality of life.  Withing a few months I was referred to a psychiatrist for med mgmt. After less than 6 months, Wellbutrin was added to the cocktail at a dose of 150mg, then increased to 300mg XL once daily.  Ambien was also presccribed as my symptoms did not allow me to fall asleep.  Life greatly improved within the next 8 months to a year.  I weaned off the ambien and xanax completely.  Still take the paxil and wellbutrin at the same doses.  Also had counseling during all of this time.
The benefits of tamoxifen have been to be cancer free 2 years after my diagnosis. Hopefully this "clean bill of health" will continue as I begin year 3 of tamoxifen in my 5 year plan. The benefits of effexor help balance the mood swings caused by a lowered amount of estrogen in my body. Tamoxifen does its job by keeping the estrogen blocked in my body so any abnormal cells can't feed on the estrogen. My cancer was highly estrogen-positive. Lowered estrogen causes depression and mood swings. Effexor helps to alleviate these symptoms along with my exercise regime and healthy eating habits.	Side effects were more severe at the onset of taking tamoxifen. I had hot flashes that were quite severe. They often came without warning especially at mealtime. I also had some body aches and pains. Vaginal dryness was also severe. My period became erratic. After 2 years most side effects have decreased - hot flashes are gone as well as the aches. My period has been non-existant for 4 months. However, I feel irritable and edgy about the regularly scheduled time for a few days. The effexor helps. Dryness is still a problem but not as severe. Vaginal odor continues to be a concern.	I was put on Tamoxifen for 5 years following my 9/05 breast cancer diagnosis. I started Tamoxifen 12/05. I started Zoloft 2 months later when I began having mood swings. Zoloft helped for a year then I felt my symptoms returning. I began Effexor at 75 mg and have been fine. My oncologist felt I am young and strong (age 46, exercise 4 times weekly, runner, martial artist) and that I should try to lower or end my Effexor. However, I didn't agree. I needed help with the mood swings and irritability. I can't lose my temper at work. I work with developmentally disabled adults. Losing my temper could be my job. I did try a natural regime of vitamins (B-12 and E) for several months but I felt no relief. Friends even told me about my mood. I went from depressed to angry in a flash. The 75 mg of Effexor is wonderful. My estrogen is blocked by the Tamoxifen and the effexor helps keep me at an even keel.
The medication took almost thirty minutes to kick in.  Once the medication started to take affect, I began to develop a tingling sensation in my left hand and later my right hand.  I also noticed my hands were very shaky after the medication was in my system for at least an hour.	The medication took almost thirty minutes to kick in.  Once the medication started to take affect, I began to develop a tingling sensation in my left hand and later my right hand.  I also noticed my hands were very shaky after the medication was in my system for at least an hour.	Once a migraine is formulating, one pill is to be taken.  The medication took almost thirty minutes to kick in.  Once the medication started to take affect, I began to develop a tingling sensation in my left hand and later my right hand.  I also noticed my hands were very shaky after the medication was in my system for at least an hour.
Should complete decolonization of MRSA and hopefully ensure that infection does not reoccur.	NAUSEA!!! You must remain upright after taking the dose or you will get severe acid reflux.	2 surgeries to flush the hip, 8 weeks of IV antibiotics (5 weeks in hospital) followed by 10 months of oral antibiotics.  If unsuccessful a total hip replacement will be required.
None	Impossible to stop taking; had to do a Librium switch to get off this drug. The withdrawal is horrid, and there are tons of people suffering because of this.	I had post-partum anxiety/depression, and was misdiagnosed with Bipolar with a post-partum onset. The Klonopin was prescribed for anxiety; a long term anxiety reducer. I saw little to no benefit. I was later rediagnosed by another doctor who said I absolutely did not have Bipolar, and slowly took me off my meds (5 years ago), which I'd been taking for six years. All drugs were easy to get off slowly, with the exception of Klonopin, which was hideous. The only way to get this drug out of my system was to do a Klonopin/Librium switch...and the Librium was very easy to get off of, thank goodness!
At least I tested it to see if i had Rhemutoid arth. before going through extensive testing.(I still have tto have test, but the doctor felt this might let us know which path to follow)	It hurt my stomache. I followed the direction and took it with food. My symptoms of the muscle, joint pain, fatigue, etc. seemed to almost get worse.	Take two 7.5 tabs twice a day. Return to DR. in 2 1/2 weeks. If it works good we know if not we'll go from their.
acid reflux was controlled as long as the capsule was taken first thing in the morning, less effective if taken later.	Larger dose was initially prescibed, side effects were migranes and blurred vision. Neither of these had been experienced prior to taking this drug and when it was reduced to 20mg side effects were not completely eliminated but considerably reduced.	1 20mg capsule taken with water 1st thing in the morning.
With less Dexedrine and minimal Depekote, I was able to sleep deeply when I finally did fall asleep. I also remember extremely vivid dreams. The house was kept super clean and I was motivated to finish tasks.	Horrible feeling. My heart felt like it would explode. I had horrible tic like behavior. I picked at my skin until permanently damaged. I had horrible dry mouth and I had bad breath.	"My sister was diagnosed with ADHD and so was my brother (Both were much younger 11 and 7 years younger) Both suffered from learning disabilities. I drove my sister to an appointment and due to my family history I was asked to take a questionair. I was then told that while I was not learning disabled (A Student), I was hyper and did I want to try the above drugs. They said I would never know how bad off I was until I knew what it felt like to be normal. I was given two perscriptions and was told to start with one dose of the dexedrine in the am and to take the Depekote and dexedrine in the afternoon. If that didn't do it they would up my dexedrine. With in about two months I felt like jumping from my skin and decided that organization was not that worth it. My skin still shows the scarring from all the picking and squeezing but my tone is no longer ""death warmed over"".

PS the doctor that prescribed this to me was investigated, tried and convicted of over prescribing, drug dealing and improper relationships with patients. (I can't remember the exact charges but he did get about 16 years for dealing controlled substances and was turned in by two female patients who said that he took advantage of their situation and slept with them.)"
The antibiotic works	Constant, horrible bitter taste.	I was given Biaxin during a bout of the flu because the doctor thought I was at risk for a bacterial infection.  I'm allergic to penicillin, so I always have to take something else.  I had no problem the first day, but the second day I noticed a weird bitter taste that I couldn't get rid of.  The doctor told me to stop taking it for a day, and now I'm waiting for him to give me something else.
So far it's only been 3 days.  Wellbutrin seems to give me a spike of energy which is nice.  Still have the craving for cigs so I'm continuing to smoke like I usually do.	Sometimes I lash out for no reason at all.  With Lexapro I remember having to wait a few weeks to get results, so I'm sure I'll wait.	Doc says to wait, that's the treatment.  I'm hoping like many this treatement will help me stop smoking and ease my depression.  You have to change your life and make yourself a better person, not just rely on drugs to cure you.  So, I'm working on the little things in life to change.
Aromatase inhibitor to reduce recurence of hormone-positive breast cancer- unknown effectiveness- no breast cancer 3 years after diagnosis	Joint pain, reduction of bone mass	The first drug I was prescribed after a mastectomy and chemotherapy was Tamoxifen, which I took for almost 1 year.  My oncologist said it increased bone mass, so she wanted to use that first to counteract the bone mass-decreasing side effect of the aromatase inhibitors.  Their protocol is to use Tamoxifen for 2 years, then switch to an aromatase inhibitor for 3 years. However, I had some uterine bleeding ( I am post-menopausal) so they switched to Femara early. Tamoxifen may cause an increase in uterine cancer, which my grandmother had. The most annoying side effect of Femara is the increase in joint pain.  NSAIDs and glucosamine help somewhat but have their own side effects.  That said, I am willing to continue Femara for the next 2 years to help prevent cancer reccurence.  I read in the literature (Medscape) that 51% of women do not complete their 5 yrs of either drug, and my guess is because of side effects. I take supplemental calcium also to slow the bone loss.
Since using the Retin-A along with the Accutane, I have noticed a great improvement in the look of my skin.  There are less clogged pores and it definitely more smooth and even in skin tone.  Any fine lines around my mouth and on my forehead have diminished but it hasn't helped much with fine lines around my eyes.	It does cause the skin to flake and peel but this can be counteracted with a good moisturizer.  Also, my face gets red or flushed easily with the slightest irritant.  Lastly, not being able to stay in the sun is a downfall.	I use Retin-A 0.25% every evening along with 70 mg of Accutane a day.  I will have to continue the Retin-A for at least a year.
Vytorin was prescribed to me to lower my cholesterol. I did not take the product long enought to see a significant drop in my cholesterol levels as I discontinuted treatment.	I developed diarrea after taking the ver first dose. I took it for about a week with no decrease in this side effect. I stopped taking it for 2 days and noticed relief instantly. I then began taking it again and side effects returned.	Vytorin was prescribed by my doctor for me for my high cholesterol. I took it for about a month and did not like the side effects. From the day that I began taking Vytorin I had diarrea. At first I thought it was purely coincidental until I stopped taking it for a few days. The side effects vanished. I took it again and they returned. I told my doctor about this and they switched me to Pravastatin ( same dosage) and the same side effects occurred. I then stopped taking the prescription.
After suffering for years from insomnia and becoming addicted to Ambien, I was finally able to sleep and there was no worry about the side effects such as addiction.	"I gained weight, had to take liver function tests as it's a toxic drug

Also, my teeth were chipping and my doctor thought it may have been from the drug"	I took 200 mg a night for a couple years but after awhile my doctor was worried it was becoming toxic so she took me off it.
lowering BP	edema	see above
Birth control, prevents pregnancy	cannot prevent STD's or STI's; can irritate skin, area near patch turns red and gets very itchy, I sometimes uncontrollably scratch myself until the area bleeds after I take off a patch	stick the patch on designated areas for one week, three weeks as one cycle and you skip the fourth week for your monthly menstrual cycle.
marginal increase in bone density	joint pain in neck, back, hips, and jaw in addition to constant heartburn despite following dosage instructions accurately.	Because side affects were so severe (I am 41 and felt like 80) I researched alternate remedies and began a program of weight-bearing exercise, calcium and magnesium supplements and natural hormone creams.
It made the nicotine completely ineffective.  the desire went down after several days. I don't really have much else to say.	Nervousness,  cause weird night time dreams and made cigs taste like crap.It made the nicotine completely ineffective.  the desire went down after several days. I don't really have much else to say.	started with smaller doses and titrated up over time.   It made the nicotine completely ineffective.  the desire went down after several days. I don't really have much else to say.
It helped with the dizziness only because it made me so sleepy I couldn't stay up to notice the dizziness!	Sometimes it would make my heart race so fast I wouldn't be able to sleep at night. This happened about 1 out of ever 5 times I took it.	It had sedative effects so it just made me want to sleep. It wouldn't have been good for me at treating my dizzy spells while I was at work or in the middle of running errands because I would get much too tired to function safely.
Lost 8 kg during 6 months, which would have been more if eating healthier and exercising.	Strong and first difficult to control bowel movements	This drug makes your body to reject about 30% of fats that you intake with your meals. But you still get the rest of it. What happens with 30% - it comes out and sometimes it is quite an embarrassing experience. Got to control it later, mainly by cutting off food that was reach on fats. Maybe if cut fats alltogether, wouldnt have needed Xenical.
"Parixetine resolved all the problems that made take that drug. These are :

Reduce Anxiety

Resolve sleeping problems, although at the beginning( first month) had more insomnia than normal) 

High Improvement in mood"	"At the beginning : digestion problems,difficulty in sleeping, tireness 

During the whole treatment : No Libido

Withdrawal syndrome : high anxiety, sleeping problems, nausea, nightmares, dizziness. 

It has been really hard to withdraw it. I have Tried it 5 times, and the latest one was able to stabilize with 10 mg of paroxetine, and I feel ok with that dose for 2 years."	"20 mg of Paroxetine (Seroxat) per day during 4 years

10 mg of Paroxetine per day during 2 year"
I have complex partial seizures that secondarily generalize. I was having up to 5 a week of the generalized ones in my sleep and getting injuries from them when I started topamax. The topamax stopped the generalization. I continued to have complex partials, but those are nothing in comparison to a tonic clonic seizure. I have only had one tonic clonic since being at the max dose of topamax.	topa-tingles (tingly fingers and toes) and tingles around my lips. This went away once my dose got to 400. Seeing light tracers. word loss. memory loss. hair loss. dry itchy skin. massive weight loss into the scary skinny territory. dangerously low potassium. I was able to reduce most of my side effects by taking potassium supplements and adding ensure drinks to my diet.	Topamax 200mg in the morning and 300mg in the evening. I started at a low dose and worked up to the effective dose that stopped my tonic clonic seizures (generalized seizures). It took additional medications to reduce my complex partial seizures, which I continue to have on occasion.
The medication worked great and cleared up symptoms immediately (sore throat, coughing, et cetera).	Horrible, wretched diarrhea. I lost six pounds in five days. I could barely eat because I couldn't keep anything down. I had to survive on white bread slices, crackers and water. Anything else caused diarrhea. It was so bad that I called my doctor and asked her to prescribe me something else. She told me that the two days remaining on my perscription were just extra insurance to make sure my infection was gone before surgery. She basically said she would normally only prescribe five days so with that I discontinued use. Feel better now but still have diarrhea. Been off for 1 day.	Prescribed 875mg 2x/day for seven days but because of the horrific diarrhea, stopped at five days with doctors consent. Never again will I take Augmentin -- never.
Sleeping through the night	Grogginess in the morning	Nightly use, one hour before bed.
Slowed down hyperactivity in a nine year old boy; increased attending a little bit although not strongly.  It does not interfere with sleep which many of the stimpulant meds do.  There were no mood swings until the dosage was increased.	When the dose was raised, the patient suffered suicidal ideation!  This was bad.  At lower dose it seemed to be ok.  Dosage takes 2-3 weeks to take affect.  Side effects also will not be observed until dose builds up in the system.  You may see lesser instances of self denegration first.  Watch for that.	Take pill once a day
The elavil was taken as a preventative measure for migraines.  I did have fewer migraines while I was taking this medication.  The ones that I did get seemed to be less severe.	I took it at night and it made it very difficult to wake up in the morning.  Also, after I took it, I would go right to sleep but if something woke me up within the first few hours of taking it, I had a VERy hard time going back to sleep.	I took 25 to 50 mgs at bedtime for about 18 months.  I took myself off of it because I was tired of the "hangover" effect.  Since that time, the headaches are much less of a problem.
After a few months of treatment, I was actually able to function and get my social anxiety under control. My emotions became intact, and I enjoyed doing things again.	Missing a dose of this medication is HORRIBLE. I start feeling withdrawal symptoms after 24 hours of not taking my medication. I once went 3 days without the 75mg pills, and I thought I was going to die. I was in a constant spin, I cried the whole time, I was exhausted, but I couldn't lay still. I was so nauseous that I couldn't eat and dry heaved for days. I literally thought I was going to die. DO NOT MISS A DOSE OF THIS MEDICATION!! In the beginning of treatment, I started out with 37.5mg pills and I did feel nauseous and dizzy for the first few days until my body adjusted, but it was nothing compared to how I would be feeling in 2 weeks! I do think this medication completely killed my sex drive. I don't have the urge to be intimate at all.	I must say, I got extremely lucky with this medication. It was the first one I tried, and the only one I had to try. I was 19 when I starting taking this medication and was just starting my first year of college. I lived in an apartment with my boyfriend and attended school, no job. But that's all I did. Never made it out of the apartment, never went out, I lived in a huge city, made no friends, just an absolute mess. My emotions were a wreck and I felt absolutely helpless. I cried alll the time and I started having panic attacks out of nowhere, which I had absolutely NO idea what was going on. I just dealt with them in horror. I drank and did drugs, but it only made things worse. My doctor prescribed this drug and it did absolute wonders, within a week, I was starting to feel the weight being lifted off my shoulders. Within 3 weeks, I was able to drive in traffic, and open my blinds to let the sun in. Within 2 months, I was back to normal! I have the occasional off days, but who doesn't? The thought of possibly being dependent on this medication scares me because of how hard it's said to be weaned off of it, but I'm too scared to even TRY coming off effexor because of the withdrawal symptoms I experienced before. Overall, this medication is amazing, and does wonders.
Traeatment with Nasonex was effective at controlling some of my congestion before sinus surgery and all of it after surgery.  The treatment also controlled my allergies to cats and dogs as a bonus!  I stayed 4 days at a freinds house with a dog and was without sneezing and stuffiness, however my asthma was still an issue.	Immediate side effects that I noticed were with my immune system.  I got sick (colds and upper respiratory infections) more easily and I had one bug bite that became infected and took a long time to heal.  I also noticed that I put on a few pounds (2-3) but am not sure if that is related or not.	Began treatment with spray before sinus surgery and continued after surgery.  6 months after surgery, the spray was stopped.
Stop pain of nerve spasms, without the drug, the tri geminal neuralgia pain is considered one of the most painful of all medical conditions.  With this medicine the patient has been able to avoid the risks of neuro surgury and still control the pain.	Headaches occasionally.	Took 150 mg or 1 tablet 2 times a day
reduction in mood swings;night sweats;wt. gain	gallbladder disease;reflux	This medication was working well until it changed from round tablet to oblong tablet.  Now need to take higher dose for similar effect.  Has not worked as well since name brand was sold to different company and shape change.  I wonder if there are women having same problem.  Had surgical menopause for 19 years.
I felt better in about 2 days. Maybe I would of felt better with out the drug. Not quite sure if it really helped.	The side effects were the drug made me not able to sleep at night. It gave me restless legs,and insomnia. It also took away my apitete.	The treatment was to take 1 tablet orally 2 times a day for 5 days.
The problem, Acne Vulgaris, did disappear	Some days of severe depression, extremely dry skin	"In the first few weeks I couldn???t see any changes in my skin???s condition but dryness. Then, after ca. 6-8 weeks the skin became more and more clean and soft. The treatment lasted about 4 month and was highly effective. No Acne after stopping to take the Accutane.

The skin would remain drier than usual several years after the treatment had been finished and it would be clean.

I can recommend it to people who have severe Acne vulgaris."
It allowed me to relax and sleep.  My neck and back pain subsided a little.  It made me forget most of my pain.	drowsy when i first woke up but once i got moving around it went away	The doctor had me take flexeril 3 times a day but i started out with 1 at bedtime for 2 1/2 weeks.  It took 2 weeks to work but after i started taking it 3 times a day at it worked faster.  It helps to stretch also while you take flexeril.
during 20's and 30's it appeared to create a protective skin barrier and keep acne at bay	"suspect that long-term over-use of this anti-biotic is part of the domino effect

that disrupted immune system which set stage for cancer diagnosis at age 40"	"used to put clindamycin lotion on face every morning after cleansing to create an antibiotic shield to protect skin from contamination that might aggravate acne ... that, plus the birth control pills taken during 20's and 30's likely

aggravated immune system and underlying candidiasis overpopulation which had been

life-long but not diagnosed until age 50 ... anyway, went through chemotherapy at age 40 ... thyroid pooped-out, which required commencement of lifelong thyroid hormone supplementation ... now realize how it is all connected - have gotten off

antibiotics altogether, gone organic in diet and products (toiletries, household

products) and feel good at ten-year-wellness anniversary since cancer diagnosis  :o)"
Decreased depression	felt funny and would get sort of dizzy	"I switched from Zoloft to Wellbutrin because it seemed like Zoloft was increasing my appetite a lot. I originally was treated with Zoloft for a severe episode of depression. After switching to Wellbutrin and taking it for a few months I continued to experience the original relief I had gotten from depression by taking Zoloft. It is possible however that I no longer needed anti-depressants. 

I stopped taking Wellbutrin b/c while taking it, a few times a day I would feel pretty strange physically for a few moments. I found this frightening so I didn't want to continue taking it."
I have not gotten pregnate while using, and I can usually not tell the ring is there.	I had a severe headache that lasted a week. Vaginal iching. Loss of sexual desire.	Insert one ring for three weeks, then take out for one week. I do know someone with a blood clot that could've lead to a stroke or heartattack while using.
I went to the doctor complain of never losing weight despite dieting and exercises, and after some medical evaluation , I was diagnosed with severe insulin resistance, polycysitc ovary syndrome , and hypothyroid ,all which contributed to weight problem  , my doctors plan was to take metformin at the maximum dose , 850 mg , 3 times and and to start a medication for my throid , within 3 months I had lost 20 pounds , normalized my periods and reversed my insulin resistance I was instructed to keep taking metformin  for the rest of my life	gastric side effects	I was instructed to tae the drug 3 times a day infintely
stopped depression ie. repeatative negative thoughts, suicidal thougts, and general malaise.  relieved insomnia.	Bizarre dreams on nightly basis.  Possibly digestive problems.	I started on effexor after a serious suicide attempt following chronic sleep deprevation.  The trazadone was quickly added.  I effectively slept and within several weeks of taking both medications (taking the effexor and trazadone at bedtime) found my depression relieved.
excellent!!!! been using on and off for about 5 yrs now. I have learned how this works so theres no side effects such as really dry flaky skin. i use a little in the am then at night.I do this for about 2 wks. Meanwhile i DO NOT use any scrubs or rub my face , just gently, also NO masks or toners etc. Close to 2 wks, when in a hot shower gentle exfoliate, you will see dead skin coming off. dry your face and ts gonna look dry, flaky and terrible. use PURE COCOBUTTER on your face during the day, then only at night use the triluma, and repeat the exfoliate every few days, then the cocobutter etc, until you get results. My face looks amazing after using this process, but i do not have acne, so not sure how it would  work with the cocobutter, might make the acne worse.  good luck!	dry skin	explained above
I did not notice any benefit myself, although my wife felt I was less 'Snappy'. Hoping to get more benefits now I have moved up to a higher dose.	Waking up in the night and not being able to sleep. Shaking. Nervousness. Agitation. Sweating. Increased sex drive. Upset stomach/ flatulance. Tiredness. Dejavous.	"I am writing this having just been back to the GP's as I did not think it was working as well as it could do according to other reports. He raised me up to 40mg from an initial dose of 20mg. 

As you can see I have listed a lot of side effects, although to be honest these were not a problem and mostly gone by 10days of treatment. That is until I got raised to 40mg and now they are back with a vengeance. 

However, if it helps with the depression it will be worth it. I have my tablet with food as otherwise I get a dodgy stomach, but for some people they may need to take it without food for the same reason. Again, if it makes you tired, take on an evening, if it keeps you awake then take on the morning."
The benefits were that it did help lower my blood pressure.	With the HCT added to the Benicar, I was constantly going to the bathroom.  My potassium got so low on this medication that I am currently taking 3 potassium pills daily.	Benicar/HCT was taken once a day due to my blood pressure being high.  It did help control my blood pressure, if I ever forgot to take it I could feel the results - headache, etc.  When I first began taking it I felt really tired all the time but eventually got used to it.  I started losing weight (not because of the medication, I was actually trying to lose weight) and my potassium got so low that my physician took me off of the HCT part and started me just on the Benicar 40 mg daily.  I am still taking potassium pills until my labs show that my potassium is okay.
Decreased the vertigo almost immediately; no further vomiting; I was able to walk and move my head without the awful spinning.	Sedation--I almost the entire time I took the medication...I'm not sure I could have taken this and gone to work.	My doctor said the Labyrinthitis is usually preceded by a cold and fluid collects in the inner portion of the ear and causes the dizziness/vomiting.  The treatment was symptom relief (using the Meclizine) and the fluid gradually absorbs.
I did not experience benefits as the medication was too harsh, forcing me to have to stop application.	I experienced significant peeling of my skin all over my face.	I initially applied a thumbnail size dab every other evening as advised before bedtime and then after about two weeks I began applying it daily. The medication was too harsh.
less depression and suicidal ideation. I was not responding to any other anti-depressants and this one sometimes works for people who do not respond to others. Maybe it's because it makes you sleep very well. Sometimes it is prescribed as a mild sleeping pill.	sleepiness, it must be taken at bedtime. and some memory loss. a bit of blurred vision. If there is no food in the stomach there can be nausea. If I get up in the middle of the night I sometimes vomit.	I must take it daily and can not just quit suddenly. I must phase off if necessary.
Highly effective in birth control, actually stopped my daily headaches, made me regular	Extreme mood swings, unpredictable periods of depression/anger. Not only have I experience these drastic out-lashes of extreme anger onto others for no logical reason, my friend, also on the pill, experienced the same effect. She's stopped taking it, but I can't for fear of being unprotected.	One pill a day for 21 days before a 7 day placebo.
The treatment quieted the nerve endings givig them a chance to calm down from the chronic pain cycle.  It allowed the nervous system to regulate itself properly again.	In the begining of treatment she was nauseas, dizzy, light headed, spacey, these symptoms decreased with time. She still gets what we call "lyrica head" on cloudy days.  "Lyrica head" is a foggy feeling.  Other patients taking lyrica that we have spoken to complain of this also.	She has suffered from chronic joint pain and several dilocated or sublaxed bones and joints through out her life.   About 18 months ago an orthopedic doctor treating her for another ligament injury looked at her history and saw a pattern and sent her to a geneticist who made a clinical diagnosis after doing some test.  She was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type 3. She was then referred to the pain clinic to get some help with the increasing pain from her condition.  Their she met an anastheologist who prescribed Lyrica.  She was started on a low dose and increased gradually and after some trial and error settled on 100 mg 2xday.  The higher dose made her too spacey and light headed.
Acne outbreaks healed quicker than using no medication.	At first my face was really red, dry, and flakey. After about 4 mos my face still gets red sometimes and is a little burny/itchy which it makes it hard to shave.	When I started using Duac (at bedtime) it made my face red, dry, and it peeled.  A great back-to-school look! I play outdoor sports and know I am suppose to wear suncreen but now all suncreens make my face burn(sting) more so I can't tolerate sunscreen.  The slight sunburn is actually less painful.  My acne seemed to heal the first 1-2 weeks and then it flaired up. It still flares but less frequently with less spots and heals faster.  Biggest problem is that it's like bleach on my navy pillowcase and I have ruined a lot of dark colored towels
This is my second wee taking the meds and i weighed myself the other day i have lost 14lbs already and i still have a few more weeks to go before the month is up..	Jitters, energized, not as tired as i use to be	I wanted to lose the weight within a month time to prepare for a wddings.. i was in a size 12 and have noticed the change already
Slight increase in bone density in hips, however no change in back (vertabrae)	After taking the drug for 7 months, I literally developed severe gastric reflux one evening (June 2007).  Actual acid reflux disappeared within a few days, but symptoms feeling like a hard, sometimes painful lump in my esophagus persisted for months, especially when lying down.  Even after giving up Fosamax 2 months after initial symptoms occurred (in Sept '07, the condition persisted.	I was sent by my general practitioner for an endoscopy 3 months (Dec '07) after giving up Fosamax, results of which showed irritation of end of esophagus tube where it joins my stomach.  I was prescribed Nexium for the condition, and after taking for 3-4 months, the symptoms finally disappeared.  I would NEVER take Fosamax or any alendronate based or similar drug again.
decrease in frequency and severity of acne lesions. Blackheads were not as noticeable and pustules were much reduced in size and number.	Benzoyl peroxide is a strong bleaching agent and ruined many bathtowels and pajamas and bedsheets and pillowcases. During the wintertime, this treatment was mildly irritating to dry or sensitive skin. During the summertime, perspiration tended to cause this product to run off the target area and bleach clothing around the collar or neckline. Some mild dryness and scaling	At bedtime, wash face with mild cleanser. Apply duac gel (pea size), follow with anti-aging over-the-counter moisturizing cream. Wash again in the morning (or else the Duac will bleach clothing), follow with SPF 30 moisturizer, and makeup as needed. Acne lesions which are dry and crusty were treated with a dab of topical neosporin ointment to speed healing.
skin renewal, peeling, immediate results.  after a day or two, facial skin is peeling.	skin is too dry and flaky.  need for exfoliation is paramount.  what exfoliation regimen to take is the next issue.	"each night, after washing face and drying face, apply/dab a tiny amount and spread thinly on the entire face, avoiding the eye and the mouth area.  My cosmetic surgeon advised me that i could apply moisturizer or a night cream immediately after applying Tazorac on face at night.

Every morning, it is extremely important to avoid sun exposure so application of a facial product that contains spf of at least spf 15 is done to the face."
I completed task, i could focus more while reading or watching a movie, i could clean my room without over thinking it, i completed homework without struggling, motivated about the future, more energy, didn't feel tired during the day like i usually do, I actually felt more smart.	dry mouth, itchiness everywhere,red and warm ears, heart palpitations, didn't socialize with my coworkers like i use to,	i started using 1 pill in the morning for a week, and then when i increase to 2 pills i had a bad allergic reaction to it , so i had to stop, but it did work for the time i was using it
effectively manages cravings for nicotine	"insomnia

vivid dreams

nausea

headaches

chest pains

arrhythmia"	prescribe to take two times per day.  found once per day was effective and still had significant side effects.  cannot imagine the effects with twice the dose.  Supposed to take for 3 months but discontinued after 14 days due to side effects and not really needing medication anymore.  still smoke free.
Improved mood and anxiety stability,improved ability to take care of self, drastically reduced social anxiety, ability to put concerns into perspective, ability to calm day to day worries and concerns.	Cognitive deficits, memory problems, word retrieval difficulties, inability to experience complex emotions, lack of motivation, true lack of ability to absorb written information.	taken in conjunction with talk therapy, and behavioral therapy,
Treatment was very effective, effects started to be noticeable after 3 weeks. After 3 months skin had cleared and as additional benefits, hair and skin were much less oily (no longer needed to wash hair daily as it was not so oily any more. Pores shrunk and much less visible.	"Side effects started about 3 days after starting treatment. Initially lips became very dry and had to use lip salve continuosly. Then I started getting nosebleeds as the skin inside my nose became very dry and fragile.

Skin became very dry and sensitive during treatment and eyes very sensitive to light.

I had to have regular blood tests to check my lipid profile but it was not affected by the treatment.

During the second course of treatment I also got very mild depression symptoms so I stopped the treatment."	"I suffered with mild acne and many whiteheads that were resistant to all other topical and antibiotic treatment. My dermatologist was reluctant to prescribe Accutane as I had a mild acne but eventually let me try a course at the lowest dose (0.5/mg/kg). I had 2 courses of treatment with Accutane. The first time it was highly effective (side effects were tolerable and worth it as I got great results) so I stopped after 4 months. after about a year the acne returned (much less than previously) so I took another course and after that it was definitely gone. 

There are side effects but if you can tolerate them, it is a very effective treatment.

I had to do a pregnancy test prior to starting each course and full blood test and had to take oral contraceptives throughout the treatment as there is a risk of birth defects. I also had to see dermatologist every 2 weeks initially then monthly and have my blood tests repeated.

Tretment was very expensive (including cost of drugs, blood tests, consultation fees) but worth it."
none, I was unable to take  the drug to achieve the benefits as I had a reaction.	My first impression was of an over all dizzy feeling, with a full body red raised rash which appeared in 3 days.	Had to discontinue using, took almost 2 weeks for the rash to finally dissipate.
Initially effective perhaps but doctors loath to discontinue after symptoms disappeared	G.I disorder (? other drugs) bronchial spasm - stopped after cessation of drug	'Heart failure' probably due to muscle wastage, as concurrentl seen in external muscles, as a result of malabsorption leading to gross malnutrition. Change successfully effected with food intolerance testing and susequent dietary reform.
Reduced bad boils and acne on the skin surface	Drying of the skin, some redness and some skin irritation	This lotion was applied to cleansed skin topically twice a day for a period of one year.  The result was the drying of and reduction of very bad acne and skin boil breakouts with the side effect of red, dried and slightly sensitive skin.  This was reduced by using a non allergenic topical skin moisturizer which alleviated the side effects
"It was completely effective against pregnancy.

One other good effect was my periods became very regular."	"Too many bad side effects made this drug intolerable. Here is the list:

(1) severe mood swings, ranging from depression to hyperactive and happy states; 

(2) my appetite increased to a point where I was overeating; 

(3) my breasts were often sore/painful; 

(4) I had nightly dreams (nightmares) and had difficulty sleeping; 

(5) It did not clear my skin of pimples like my doctor said it would..."	"One active tablet administered daily from the 1st day through the 21st day of the menstrual cycle, counting the first day of menstrual flow as ""Day 1"" followed by one green inactive tablet daily for 7 days. Tablets are taken without interruption for 28 days. After 28 tablets have been taken, a new course is started the next day.



NOTE: in addition to 0.180 mg - 0.250 mg norgestimate each pill also contains 0.035 mg ethinyl estradiol"
First days after surgery were a blur.  There was considerable swelling post surgery, and the drug helped me to ignore the way I looked.	I was awake but sort of in a daze.  I had plans to do research and reading during my recuperation, but I don't remember doing much of anything for about 5 days.	Post laser surgery.  I had Fraxel Re:pair laser done. I quit the drug as soon as somebody told me I looked like a Zombie.
It was 100% effectiv as contraception, the mayor benefit is not having to rememeber to take the pill every day and that it has only one form of hormon, which is important for woman over 35, especially smokers.	The side effects were like a prevision of menopause - huge weight gain (20 pounds), incredible mood swings and severe bloating. My overall feeling was quite depressed and it took me a while to figure out that it had to do with the drug, not with what was going on in my personal life. I also thought that the weight gain was partially retlated to quiting smking.	One shot in the upper arm every three months, that's it!
When I took Zyrtec on a daily basis, my allergy symptoms were reduced.  I didn't appear to have the headaches (band around my head) as often nor did I have the pain in the ears associated with this band quite so frequently, my nose was not quite so 'runny' or itchy.  I found my nose clearer during the daytime and I had less 'sniffles' as compared to days when I did not take the Zyrtec at all.  Overall, it improved my symptoms notably.	If I took my Zyrtec in the a.m., then by mid-afternoon I could not function.  Drowziness, brain-fog, fatigue.  If I took Zyrtec at dinner-time it appeared not to affect me.  If I forgot and did not take it until bed-time, then the next morning I could 'not wake up'.  Severe tiredness.	I discovered that I had to take the Zyrtec at dinner-time.  If I forgot and knew I had a busy day or early appointments/meetings, I must skip that day's dosage.  If I don't take it continuously, it is nowhere near as affective.
None... did not make my periods any lighter	Weight gain... I gained 10-15 pounds while on the pill and because I'm only 4'10, that 10-15 pounds REALLY SHOWS. I've tried other oral contraceptives for my heavy menstrual bleeding and all of them do the same thing... they don't help regulate my menstrual bleeding but they do make me gain weight. In the future, when I need to use a method of birth control, I will not be using oral contraceptives... EVER!	My sister is also on this pill (for birth control) and she has experienced many side affects from it, too.
I felt like I could handle my work and relationship stress better.	I had strange bruises all over my legs and arms.  I lost my libido as well as not caring much about anything.  I felt like I had no emotion.	I flushed them down the toilet after awhile because I wanted to have my personality back.
Gradual improvement of mood.  Reasonable results over the years, but not stable.  Too afraid to try others.	Clenching - jaw, legs, arms, shoulder therefore pain in muscles, also very painful hips after sitting for any length of time, driving etc.  Clenching has been getting worse over last 12 months.  Sodium Valproate augments effect of Citalopram, so currently decreasing Sodium Valproate to see if it makes any difference.	Citalopram 40mg to start with but too many side effects.  Reduced to 20mg, less side effects, worked okay on mood..except I was swinging.  Introduced Sodium Valproate, gradually increased it to 1g BD (twice day), has worked quite well up until recently where side effect profile is interferring with my life.
Little, if any.	minimal pain relief, dramatic sense of disassociation from the pain, agitation.	"I found that Vicodin was a poor choice for real pain management. I felt spacey and ""out of it"" but at the same time agitated.  I didn't feel an actual absence of pain as much as I felt ""oh well, gee gosh, I have pain.  Isn't that a bummer.""  In other words, the medication seemed to be more about changing my attitude towards the pain rather then actual reduction of pain.  I subsequently

stopped taking it and turned to tylenol with codeine.  This worked much better in my opinion.  I subsequently refused any additional prescriptions for vicodin and requested tylenol with codeine instead.  I have since switched to a natural pain relief option that is a combination of white willow, feverfew, skullcap, and kelp.  It is called ""Relief"".  I believe the manufacturer is ""Nature's Way.""  Although, I am in daily pain for assorted issues (structural) I avoid medicating myself unless it is particularly dibilitating.  If I really need to take something I will take the Relief or plain Aspirin.  Dramatically fewer side effects, no hazard of addiction, just as effective.  Given the high level of reported addictiveness of this drug, I would never take it again nor recommend anyone else take it."
My skin was flawless and I had a very youthful glow. My acne went away completely. My breasts were much fuller and my body looked more curvy and feminine, even though I worked out daily and didn't change my eating habits.	The most negative side effect was the mood alteration. I became a completely different person. Very depressed and crying all the time for no reason. It was very very strange. Not like me at all. My mood would change constantly like a yo-yo. Also, I gained weight and felt like I was retaining water. A week before my period I would feel weak and feverish.	My OBGYN explained that this oral contraceptive uses a synthetic progestin known as drospirenone. He suggested that it might be the cause of my negative side effects. He also said that it was more appropriate for women in their mid-30's or those who have experienced adverse effects from other oral contraceptives. He switched me to ortho tri cyclen-lo and I haven't had any problems whatsoever. I also don't have the benefits either.
Prevention of pregnancy, lighter periods	Very large amounts of hair loss,moodiness, nausea.  Patch fell off and had to use a second replacement patch.	Wanted a low maintenance birth control.  Side effects were enough to make me stop using.
"reduced inflammation and acne lesions 

reduced inflammation and acne lesions 

reduced inflammation and acne lesions 

reduced inflammation and acne lesions 

reduced inflammation and acne lesions 

reduced inflammation and acne lesions reduced inflammation and acne lesions 

reduced inflammation and acne lesions"	"skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness

skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness

skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness

skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness'skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness

skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness

skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakynessskin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness"	tazorac was applied daily to the face
When I first started, I slowly made my way up to 300mg.  After the first two months, I noticed a difference.  Not a huge difference, but it was big enough for my family to notice.  It seemed to me though, after time, that my body got immune to the medication and I seemed to be back to the manic stages again.  I have been on tons of anti-depression medications that are prescribed for depression and bipolar disorder and it seems to my doctors/psychiatrists that my body just gets immune to them.	fatigue and memory loss	I really wish this was the medication that finally worked for me, but unless some miracle happens, it's back to the drawing board.  I seem to still have my mania episodes everyday, sometimes it gets bothersome.  I seem to yell still, I have my days where all I want to do is stay in my room and not move.  I can't control my thoughts, but I still work everyday in hopes to finding that "Miracle" medication that will finally work for me!
none	irritability and extreme anxiety, mild panic attack	I have been on Zoloft with great results for over 5 years. I do not have a constant barrage of depressed thoughts or emotions when I am on the drug.  When my husband and I decided to try to have a baby, my ob-gyn suggested that I switch to Wellbutrin.  Some anti-depressants may carry a small risk of side-effects to the baby in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy.  My ob-gyn felt that taking Wellbutrin may reduce these risks.   After 1 or 2 months on Wellbutrin, I began to feel very irrtable and anxious.  My chest began to tighten painfully with even the thought of something stressful.  After 4 months on Wellbutrin, I had my first panic attack ever.  I threw the pills in the trash and went to see a psychiatrist.  The psychiatrist told me that there was no medically proven benefit to switching to Wellbutrin, and put me back on Zoloft.  I feel much better!
Benefits to taking Lipitor was that it helped reduce my total cholesterol numbers.  While that was a positive, the side-effects began to make me question the overall reduction in cholesterol numbers.	When I first started taking Lipitor I did not notice any side effects.  Approx. three months into taking the drug, however, I started noticing upset stomach.  At first I thought perhaps the caffeine in my coffee was creating the upset as I started drinking more than one cup daily.  I cutback on the coffee and did not notice a difference in stomach issues.  Approximately 6-8 months into taking the drug, I began to experience some discomfort in the legs.  As a distance walker I analyzed my workout routine to see if I had added something different but had not.  I quit taking the drug 12 months (give or take) after starting.	Treatment was simple:  take on tablet daily at bedtime.  The drug was (and did) to help reduce my overall cholesterol numbers.
reduce high blood pressure.  patient is now receiving good cholesterol readings.  having to take this drug has encouraged the patient to improve on their diet.  they have cut down on fat, salt and sweets.  because of this his health has improved tremendously.	patient experiences constipation and gas on occasion.  patient is concerned as to whether or not the drug has affected his muscles.	patient is under the impression that the drug must be taken for their entire life.
I only noticed a very small benefit from taking Cymbalta for my muscle pain.	Cymbalta elevated my liver enzymes acutely after only being on the drug for a few months.  The doctor then titrated me off of it and it took three months after I stopped Cymbalta before my liver went back to normal.  Just be sure to have your liver enzymes checked regularly if you are on this drug.	I was on 90 mg daily, one dose of 60 mg and one dose of 30 mg.  It was prescribed to me for fibromyalgia and depression, however, I did not notice much improvement on this drug but I was not on it for a real long time either so it may just take longer to notice benefit but it definitely affected my liver.  My mom also has the same problem with Cymbalta and her liver enzymes.
This cream preparation worked well, but over the years I ntoiced it was less effective.  I have used it very sparingly but I no linger use it on my hands becaue it causes seems to worsen the condition of the skin to split the skin in inflamed areas after application.  I use weaker hydrocortisone cream on my hands as a last resort.  Luckily that cream is just stron enough to offer some relief.	Over time (many years) I ntoiced reduced effectiveness and splitting of the skin in inflamed areas (on hands), despite using this product very sparingly.	I use this cream as little as possible - only when I have a serious flare-up of the eczema.  When I do use the cream I apply a reasonable amount to the skin - just enough to makae sure some cream comes in contact with all of the inflamed area.  I use the cream once or twice a day during the flare up.  Once I notice the inflammation is going down I stop using it- and teh skin finishes healing up on its own without further nedication.  I rinse the cream off my hands after applying becaue it is not helpful to treat eczema on my hands anymore.
decreased smoking and the desire to smoke somewhat,  could not get any buzz off of nicotine	vety nervous, weird dreams, I discontinued after awhile because I wanted my smoking buzz and not to feel weird and nervous all day.	followed manufactures program, which was a titrated increase over several days.
reduction of itching which was caused by seasonal allergies.  Itching was primarily on skin around elbows and also sinus congestion.	The main side-effects were extreme drowsiness and dry mouth.  This became less prevalent as time went on.	I was taking 4mg tablets three times per day. one in morning, one in afternoon, one in the evening.
After 12 years of living with anxiety problems I discovered clonazepam and now this is my emergency pill. Fast effects which relaxes me quickly.	When I take clonazepam I feel a little dizzy, just like being drunk! Its gives me a light headache. My body feels so lazy that i feel I am stuck in it. This could be a strange effect for some but it's sure better than panic!	when needed
My heartburn greatly reduced and I could sleep at night so the GERD was successfully addressed.	Very frequent and bad dysentery. Stomach Cramps were also an issue and if those side effects could be eliminated this would then be the perfect GERD relief drug.	1 pill twice a day with meals with lots of liquids.
it did help alleviate the depression	Unfortunately It caused me to gain 20 lbs in less than 3 months...I have been on many different antidepressants and this one was the worst when it came to weight gain	daily dose of medication...it helped alleviate depression symptoms but caused weight gain
eased my anxiety, helped me start going to work more.	This drug was extremely difficult to start. I had headaches and dizziness for weeks. Also caused digestive problems - bloating and flatulence. Had no energy - before I took this drug I was a very active person but once on it I had no energy to excercise. Also craved sugary and carbohydrate rich food which ended up giving me thrush and other fungal infections. Caused concentration problems. I stuggled to concentrate on my work for a full day. I also felt very flat.	Am stopping this drug and going on to paroxetine again as the side effects outweighed the benefits.
the sores disappeared much sooner than with regular treatments (acyclovir) and the pain disappeared the next day.	Due to my chronic gastritis, I had minor stomach aches but nothing too bad	The treatment was started on the second day of the sore outbreak, and I noticed the effect very quickly: the next day I felt barely any pain and the sore disappeared much faster than usual (about 4-5 days overall vs the previous 7-9 days)
Decreased nausea, dizziness when standing, pins and needles sensation. Eyes and Skin less sensitive to sunlight.	Extreme sleepiness (25mg feels like I took a Tylenol PM). Slight inability to concentrate. Depression of mood, slight irritability. I have noticed some suggest this is also prescribed for anxiety, I haven't noticed any reduction in anxiety, I have noticed if I'm irritated the irritability seems to last a bit longer than normal. It has done nothing to increase my motivation or productivity.	I already have a low heart rate, so an hour after taking it I always take 200mg caffeine + 2 Primatene tablets (25mg Ephedrine HCL) to raise heartbeat while the Atenolol stabilizes it. The Ephedrine also helps to counteract sleepiness and depressed mood Atenolol causes in my system. I was going to quit taking it but over 2 months I have slowly experienced an increase in my health, before I was almost bed-ridden, now I can get up and walk around for extended periods of time. I originally had a bad case of Mono a few years back and it still showed in my system, he said it probably caused a bad case of Chronic Fatigue but it is not considered a real medical condition, so he wrote me a script for Atenolol after my EKG. They took 6 EKG's that read no heartbeat and the 7th read a supposedly impossible wave, I did every test from two separate doctors, they have no idea what it is.
I did see improvement in numbness and tinglng in upper extremities. Helps marginally for sleep.	Poor concentration, drowsiness, dizziness, memory problems. My physian tried to titrate dose to 2400mg per day. The side effects were intolerable to the point that I was having prolems at work. I currently take 600mg hs.	I plan to discontinue this medication as the side effects are not worth the marginal benefit
The benefits were that the infection was eleminated. The infection had apparently grown over a period of several months and then reached a point that it suddenly was accute. I say it grew slowly over several months because my abdominal area, even as far up as including my waist, had grown from about 30 inches to about 33 inches and I required clothing two sizes larger. I had become more and more weak but thought that it was my age (even though up until a few months before the swelling started I was still hiking up to 10 or 11 miles a day in the Andes in Chili or in the Canadian Rockies. Weakness had suddenly become so accute that it was causing my heart to labor so much that radio-active dye x-rays were taken of my heart. My abdomin had a sonigram to see if I had ovarian cancer.	The metronidazole 500 mg and the ciprofloxacin 500 mg wer prescribed one tablet of each twice a day for two weeks. However, after several days I began to have slight light headedness, tingling in my fingers, much short-term memory loss, and constant whistling in my ears. By the sixth day these side-effects had intensified to the point that my hands were shaking, I was dizzy, and the doctor told me to discontinue the meds.Eleven weeks have passed and I still have CONSTANT whistling in my ears, my short term memory has improved but has not totally returned, and my bowels still do not work without taking a stimulant. I am taking probotics (460 mg each,6 billion total microorganisms per capsule twice daily), eating such as Activia daily, etc to try to repace the healthy bacteria level in my intestines but as stated earlier this is not yet accomplished. I am very tired of hearing the constant whistling in my ears.	This may be covered in the treatment benefits section,  The prescribed dosage was 500 mg (along with ciprofloxacin 500 mg) both twice daily for two weeks: however, by the sixth day the side effects were severe enough that the doctor told me to discontinue taking both the metronidazole and the ciprofloxacin.
It cleared up the sinus infection within 2 days.	A bitter taste in mouth moticeable at night and especially in the morning. It went away as soon as I had something to drink. There was no bitter taste during the daytime. Also got a yeast infection on day 8. I still have to go through 5 days of medicine. I once took it on empty stomach and got acidity 1/2 hour later.	I was given Naproxen to control the inflammation and pain in my throat. I was also given Nasonex 2 puffs in each nostril daily. Claritin 10 mg once daily as antihistamine, which worked brilliantly. Also Clarithromycin 500 mg twice daily for 14 days. I stopped everything but the antibiotic and Claritin and am doing just fine.
relieved some of the itching	blurred vision for 90 seconds after administering; burning sensation	Was prescribed for 1 month for dry, itchy eyes.  I took Optivar for 5 days, then called the ophtamologist about the burning sensation.  He advised me to discontinue the Optivar and wrote a prescription for Alrex.
Yes very beneficial, although I will discontinue using the cream on face every night and maybe use every other night, until my skin adjusts. I also use the cream on the back of my hands and decollete area, love the results! I can see a HUGE difference in my hands already (probably about 1 month of consistant use) I have a few small sun spots that have lightened significantly, the skin on the back of my hands appears less elephant like ( tough, rough, wrinkling skin) and now appear more smooth, radiant and even toned.My decollete area has also seen great improvment, again more even toned, smooth, I have not seen a great deal of tightening, but I am very happy with the results thus far--- about 1 month of consistant use.	Some redness and peeling around the outside of my eyes and upper lip. Caused sensitivity when using other products....night creme, serums and sunscreen. I have read that these side affects are normal and part of the skin adjusting to the retin a.....after all that is what it is supposed to do...create a chemical change in the cell which promotes cellular turnover resulting in newer, firmer skin.	Daily apply about a pea size amount of the creme on my hand and sparingly apply to the orbital area, lips and forehead. I add additional creme to the back of my hands and rub vigourously ( rubbing the back of my hands together). I also apply a dime size to my neck and decollete area also rubbing, but not as vigourously. I generally do this every night after I cleanse, tone and add serums ( for pigment relief and building collegen) if I am feeling especially dry after applying the Tretinoina,I will also add a moisturizer.
The benefits were the prevention of seizures following brain surgery	Initially after surgery I was given Dilantin injections which were very painful. It felt like concentrated acid was being injected into my vains with a painful burning sensation that lasted several minutes after each injection. After 3 weeks I was changed to oral dilantin (100mg 3 times daily). So no more painful injections.	As mentioned above I was prescibed Dilantin to avoid seizures following brain surgery. I was given dilantin injections for a period of 3 weeks while in hospital and then it changed to taking oral dilantin (100mg 3 times daily)for a year. During the year I had one seizure after 6 months which happened on the night that I felt well enough to have some drinks with my friends for the first time since the operation. I didn't drink again for the following 6 months while on dilantin and did not have any more seizures. I stopped dilantin after 12 months and have had no seizures since
I was able to get rid of a nasty sinus infection that had been bothering me for over a week	I suddenly developed a rash across my stomach and itched for at least one - two hours after each dose.	The doctor would prescribe Erythromycin for me every time I developed a sinus infection. (This had been going on since childhood). I would take a regimen of 4 tablets daily for a total of 7 days. I was also given Sudafed to help with the allergies I suffered from. Occassionally I was also given a saline solution to flush out my sinuses. The last time I was given this regimen however, I had an allergic reaction and began itching. I broke out in a rash within 45min. of taking the first dose. The doctor told us to "keep an eye on it and if I had difficulty breathing or any other symptoms I was to rush to the ER." Other wise he felt the symptoms to be within normal limits. I continued the regimen and was able to get rid of the infection but was given a different antibiotic the next time I got an infection.
Decreased meal size, felt more satisfied when I ate and felt fuller quicker. Didn't get hunger urges as often and started to loose weight as decreased my calorie intake	Insomnia, headaches, nausea, increased heart rate	Reductil gave me a motivational start to healthy eating and decreasing my portion sizes. Because of low sugar levels I always feel hungry and it gave me some relief as I didnt get hungry as often and when I ate, I couldnt eat as much, but I felt satisfied. I felt that the effects of the drug started to ware off after a few months but now I dont take it anymore as I have lost about 5 kilos and want to continue to lose another 5 through healthy controlled eating and exercise. I feel I can control my eating a bit better and realised that the overeating was creating the roller coaster ride, so I think the drug helped me mentally with portion control and now I tell myself as I have created the habbit with better eating habbits.
Initially, I was started on Niaspan 500 milligrams two times a day to lower my trigylcerides.  My level was over two thousand.  After three months, I went back to my primary care physician for follow-up blood work to check how I am responding to the treatment.  My trigyceride levels improved significantly but was not within normal limits. My triglyceride level was 503.	The side effect I experienced was moderate enough for me to contact my physician to ask for it to be changed.  My doctor told me to increase the dosage of Niaspan ER to two thousand milligrams every night.  For the first few days, I felt hot during the night and sweaty.  It was very uncomfortable, even if I had the airconditioning on.  After several days, I started having muscle pains on both my legs.  I was losing sleep becasue I was so uncomfortable and could no longer tolerate taking the medicine.  My physician then gave me the option of trying a new medication, or sticking to Niaspan ER but at a reduced dose.  I chose to stay with the same drug but at a reduced dose.  I now taker 1500 milligrams daily and do not feel any side effects.  I still need to go back to my doctor to see how this change affected my Triglycerides.	Niaspan ER 500mg twice a day was changed to Niaspan ER 2,000 mg every night, then changed to Niaspan ER 1500 mg every night.
marginal increase in bone density, however I stopped using it before maximum benefit could be acheived due to adverse side affects.	severe heartburn all week even though I followed dosing instructions accurately. Joint aches, including hips, back, neck and jaw.	I stopped taking Fosamax against my doctor's wishes due to the side affects.  I am only 41 and it made me feel like I was 80 years old.  After conducting my own research I opted for weight-bearing exercise, strength training, natural hormone supplements, and calcium and magnesium supplements.
The medicine worked very well in treating my sinus infection. After just two days of taking it I felt a significant improvement. After 10 days, my sinus infection was completely gone.	I experienced an awful metallic taste in my mouth. It was constant and disgusting. Also, I took it one day after eating a very small breakfast and I got dizzy and nauseus and shaky.	I took 500mg twice a day for 10 days. It worked for treating my sinus infection, but the side effects almost weren't worth it!
I could function normally again, after 6 weeks sick leave, I had a kind of a Burn-out.	In the first 2-3 month very dry mouth and heavy perspiration. These side effects disappeared after about 3 month.	"Started with anafranil 50mg once a day combined with oxazepam 10mg three times a day. Anafranil could make the fears worse the first to weeks they told me therefore I had to use oxazepam for 6 weeks. The first four weeks oxazepam 3 times a day 10mg, after that for 2 weeks I used oxazepam 10mg once a day. I have a medical profession and I knew the risks of oxazepam and wanted to stop with it as soon as possible. The first period I had a lot of side effects, dry mouth, have perspiration but it normalised after about 3 month. The first 3 months fear changed in almost fearless but this also normalised after 3 months. The rest of the time I used anafranil I had no side effects. I felt fine, however after 1 year I had to change physician because I moved. The new physician described Seroxat as he thought there was not only a fear issue but also a mild depression. I used Seroxat 20mg once a day for several weeks but did not feel ok???. I felt almost without any emotion. Not happy, not sad, nothing. I did not like that at all, I felt worse!! I went back to my physician and we came to a compromise. Once a day 10mg seroxat and once a day Anafranil 25mg. I used this combination for 6 months and I felt good. After 6 month I stopped the Seroxat and used the anafranil 25mg once a day for another 6 months.

I had also psychotherapy as well during these last 6 months. After that I felt ok??? and stopped without any problems. I feel great now."
The benefits I saw from Retin-A were considerable compared to non prescription skin care. The fine lines especially around my eyes and cheeks diminished and were not as deep. My entire skin tone looked younger, more even toned and my large pores were much less noticeable and more refined. My skin looked much healthier and it looked more soft focus. It took a few months to notice a measurable difference.	The main side effects I had while using Retin-A were drier,flaky skin.	When I started using Retin-A I started with the lower strength prescription to aviod side effects while my skin was acclimating to Retin-A. I started with Retin-A .025% strength every other night. After cleansing I wait 20 to 30 minutes and then apply the Retin-A. After another 30 minutes I apply a moisturizer if needed over the Retin-A. After about 2 months I switched to the next higher strength Retin-A which is .05%. I was much more senstive to this strength so I started using it once every 3 nights to start doing the same as above, waiting 20 to 30 minutes after cleansing to apply. Once my skin tolerated this routine after about a month without flakiness I went to every other night. I now can use Retin-A .05% every night but occasionally when I start to see any dryness or skin flaking I will skip a night to give my skin a rest. I love my results. Retin-A is the only skin care I've used where I have noticed a considerable difference in the amount of sun damage that has been repaired. My skin is much more healthy looking and more refined.
Convenience, skin cleared up, effective birth control	cleared my skin but I lost all desire for sex.	This was my first foray into the Pill. After about 5 months I realized I just never got "horny" anymore and rarely even thought about having sex, much to my boyfriend's dismay. But my skin did look much better so I continued on. But once the relationship ended (not caused by my low desire, btw) I decided to go off of it and get a cervical cap. My sex drive returned but so did my bad skin. I am now (8 years later) giving it another go with Apri, solely for my skin b/c I really like my cervical cap, which unfortunately they stopped making.
Dying follicles were reactivated and enlargened so large terminal hairs grew. Vellus hairs were shed and replaced with strong hairs. Hair thickened substantially	'Peach fuzz' vellus hair growth on my forehead and cheekbones. Dizziness when started using at first. Increased heart rate when first started using. Possible skin damage - minoxidil breaks down collagen.	The recommended application is 1ml twice daily. I ended up applying 4ml once daily for over a year. So, I was using too much. The results were pretty amazing.
I had to wait quite a few month before Accutan had started to work but by the end of the treatment my skin was like a babies. Not oily at all even my pores shrank and there was no acne on my face. The down side was that after not taking the medicine any more after a couple of month with great skin the acne has started to come back.	Extensive dryness on the lips and skin.	I have taken two tabless every day for half year.
Made my panic attacks less frequent and less intense. Sometimes felt happy for no reason, in a good way, which helped alleviate some of my anxiety and stopped my worrying so much.	Tingling and burning sensations, insomnia, constantly hot, dizzy, feeling faint, feeling emotional, needing to pee often, racing heart - these occurred at different intensities and at different times. They sound bad, but they are much easier to cope with than my condition before I took the tablets.	?
Helped relax muscles in face, thereby relieving TMJ and reducing pain.	Dry mouth, nervousness, dizziness.  Also negative as it was given as a long term pain management solution, it reduced my pain but still needed to be used along-side pain-killers.  If stopping and has been taken for a long time slowly ween off (unlike myself) as caused me to have sweats, aches and pains and lethargy (flu-like symptoms) for a number of days.	50 mg at bedtime.
Was taking this drug for herpes suppression.  It is recommended by some to take an antiviral for one year after the initial outbreak so as to have less outbreaks over one's lifetime.  I did get an outbreak while on the drug, however it was during a very stressful time so that is understandable.  Also, it is nice that only one dose is needed per day for most people.	Side effects included mild hair loss (had much more hair loss on acyclovir), random dry heaving (retching) for no apparent reason, and headaches.  Although it seems that when I drink lots of water the headaches are fewer.	Took one pill per day at the same time everyday.  It does and will stain things so be careful of the blue dye.
"good considering dosage.  taken many different anti-epileptic drugs over the last 14yrs(accident)

lamictal 100% better regarding physical problems (constant headaches etc).  mental side-effects difficult to say considering age!  december 2006, after 14yrs with no physical epileptic incidents, just regular encephalegrams, i decided to stop topiramate which gave headaches. 6 mths later lost consciousnes, back onto drugs. first, keppra, which i liked. felt no side effects, just felt total relaxation and no epileptic problems. specialist didn't like this total relaxation, changed to lamictal. didn't like it at all at first,many side effectsme before arriving at 125 mg had a series of losing consciousness(never convulsions).  now i can say that my mental and physical states have adapted to this lamictal. certainly no constant headache."	loss of balance & memory loss, memory is improving little by little. loss of balance still, but maybe change with therapy. difficulty speaking (living in france 18 yrs.) speak as much in french as english. dry mouth nervousness, anxiety heartburn and am considered bi-polar but i think that is being exaggerated by the medical profession,	"began at low dosage and increased little by little.  during the little by little time i forgot my medication of 50 mg one morning. the following day lost consciousnes while driving fell down a ravine accident i had at 17.30. anyway increased medication to a state where. touch wood, i don't have any problems really other than minor side effects,

given clobazam (5 mg 3 times a day) for anxiety & depression,with which i have noticed no side-effects and does help eliminate other epileptic problems (deja vues etc)"
The treatment benfits were to heal bacteria from surgery.  I was told to take the pills immediately starting the day after surgery.	side effects were diahrrea, stomach pain and nausea	the treatment was 1 pill a day for 4 days - first day 2 pills.  The pills were easy to take and remember
less noticable fine lines and blotchiness. skin appeared clearer and smoother. in addition skin appeared plumper. The brown spots would be less noticable as long as I was using the cream consistantly.	dry peeling skin, redness. once you stopped using it the blotchiness returned and brown spots returned. I needed to wear alot of sunscreen on my hand after using it on that area because it rendered those areas vulnerable to sun exposure. also while driving I had to wear gloves which blocked sun rays to my hands.	used from a tube mainly at night. Used a pea size amount on each hand and one pea size amount on the face. Used over the lip line and on fine lines under the eye.
I have always tried to lose 20-30 pounds and had no luck.  A friend of mine used Adipex (Phentermine) and lost 40 pounds in 4 months so I had to try it.  I started taking it last October 08 and by Christmas I had to buy all new pants because my other ones were WAY too big.  Total I lost 25 pounds and am now 130. I just started taking it again after being off of it for 3 months because I didnt want to get too addicted which I know you can from this drug, and you also build up an immunity to it, which I also did. Overall though, it definitely works to loose weight, my sister-in-law, my best friend, and my sister all took it and my sister lost the least so far(only been on it for 1 month) with 15 pounds.	Bad trouble sleeping. WIll fall asleep after a little trouble, but cannot stay asleep, wake up several times a night unable to get good rest. Have to take sleep aide with this drug or wont sleep at all! Also have bad to mild headache for first week or so, goes away after a while.  Mood swings are absolutely noticable, ups and downs. I NEVER noticed where my appetite was decreased at all, actually makes my stomache growl about 1/2 hour after taking it, nor did I have any extra energy ever, although somehow I DID lose weight on this pill.	I take 1/2 pill in morning before breakfast and other 1/2 lunch time.
I noticed a significant improvement in my acne.	I had painfully dry, irritated, and red skin for several months, as well as higher susceptibility to sunburn and visibly peeling, flaky skin... those first few months were the worst period of treatment. After a while, however, all the symptoms except for the peeling skin and sun sensitivity diminished.	I applied a pea-sized amount of Tazorac cream once a night before bed, starting in my freshmen year in high school. I've been using Tazorac ever since (five years or so) because of the positive skin effects it's supposed to have.
I have been on Paxil or generics for 9 years after a life-time of panic attacks. My attacks subsided immediately and though they recur every so often the relief has been a godsend. Even as a highly-productive and involved person it has been a lifetime of quiet fear that at any moment I would have these horrific feelings of losing my self and being depersonalized out of my body. As a few others have noted, the most common location for instant attacks is while driving. Paxil has calmed much of my life-long anxiety. I am a calmer and more socially comfortable person.	Lots of side effects, none of them deal breakers. It took months to achieve orgasm - it was like having a dead weight between my legs. Having reduced treatment to 10mgs a few years ago that has improved. As many others report, wild dreams and less deep sleep is now the norm but I have long grown accustomed to it. Miss a dose and you get those weird 'electric' buzz shocls in your brain - a tad alarming but not horrible. Weight increase of about 10 pounds - very difficult to get rid of.	Started at 10 mg on doctor's recommendation, went to 20 after a month. Noticable improvement in mood and lessened anxiety. After 4-5 years weaned myself down to 10 mg by cutting the pills. With doctor ok have stayed at 210 for the last 6 years. Once i tried to reduce it to 5 mg - big mistake. Too big a jump and had terrible anxiety. Decided I could live with 10 mg. It works, but with side effects. Like all powerful medicine, it's a tradeoff. For me it is still worth it 10 years later.
It works great, no asthma symptoms.	But I'm loosing a lot of hair, there's mild  pain in my lungs and legs on a regular basis and  mouth infections.	I'm was diagnosed with asthma  around six months ago  after getting pneumonia that lasted 3 months. I did have allergies before but never  any asthma symptoms.
Improved exercise tolerance. Stopped coughing up blood. Improvement in chest pain.	Nausea, bad dreams, very prone to sunburn. For the antibiotic to be effective I need to take a relatively large dose for my size (50kgs). Have to take anti-nausea medication while on the course of antibiotic otherwise tend to lose weight.	Have had repeated courses of this antibiotic over several years. Sometimes it works and other times it doesn't but the infection always recurs within a few weeks of stopping the treatment.
Drug did take away pain quickly; easy to take, not contraindicative with muscle relaxers or codeine allergy.	No pain but very loopy.. Drug made patient incoherent and confused; bad memory and constipation patient had crazy ideas.	Take for pain, 2 pills every 3-4 hours, no more than 8 in 24 hours.
4 periods a year	The first week that I took this pill, I felt like I had the flu.  I had to take a sick day off from work because I felt so sick: headache, constantly feeling hot and cold, extreme tiredness.  I also started breaking out a lot and my skin started to be so dry.  My husband also has said that I've had some mood swings as well.	"I stopped taking the pills today.  I hope this will stop all the symptoms.  I will probably never take any birth control for the rest of my life.  I was on Depo for about 2 years, which was fine--no major side effects except for the decreased sex drive.  I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen for about a year before Depo, but I stopped because I definitely got lighter periods but the periods were longer (5 days) than when I was not on any BC (3 days).

I shouldn't have been on any BC to begin with.  Afterall, I shouldn't complain--my periods are always on time like clock work.  No cramps, only the occasional bloating.  I started to be on BC to prevent pregnancy, but I'll just be more careful by using a condom instead."
I took vicodin for pain in my wrist but i had to stop because it would give me a headache everytime i took it. So i can't really say there were any benefits to it, because eventough it helped with the wrist pain, the headaches were worse.	see above	This was prescribed by a physical therapist. I was also receiving the physical therapy for my wrist pain, which was from work related injury.(repetitive overuse). The pain killer was to help with the pain from just moving my hands.
no headaches and better quality of life  great at treating headaches	nervous system overhaul, dry mouth, stiff neck	used as needed  no healing- just treatment  the medicine was very effective at treating headaches as needed but provided no preventative help  still had them just as frequently but was able to rid myself of them
I felt a bit calmer and had a little less mania, but it did not help much.	upset stomach, low appetite, metallic taste, tremor	"I was given lithium in order to calm my manic thoughts and depressive symptoms along with psychotherapy. I did not notice much improvement from lithium.

It did come with unwanted side effects such as persistent tremor and

upset stomach. I would like to try another medication."
Lamictal balanced moods without making me sluggish or slowing me down. I still have the highs and but they aren't drastically manically high.	Although it says it doesn't affect weight I did experience weight gain. It also makes me a little drowsy.	I take 200 mg lamictal once per day at night so that I am not affected by the drowsiness. Initially I started at 25mg and it was increased over time until I reached 200 mg in order to avoid side effects. It took time to experience the benefits. About 6 weeks.
Birth control, more mild and regular menstruation	Fatigue (severe during the first week of the month), nausea, mild depression	Appointment with doctor once every six months to monitor overall health, took pill once daily (usually in the morning after breakfast).
The benefits was getting off of drugs.  I go to a methadone clinic and i PAY $13 a day and i have for the last seven years.  It helped me get off of Oxycotin's, but i would NOT recommend staying on it for long..  Because methadone is more addictive than pain pills.	"passing out; falling asleep

drowsiness,

weight gain

when i first started i had alot of nausea, but after a few months it was better."	"When i first started going to the methadone clinic, i had to go there withdrawing.  I had to take a physical and a drug test when i started.  You can fail the first test, because they know you would have drugs in your system.  I had to pay $154 when i first started and i pay almost $400 a month, which equals out to be $13.50 a day.



I get drug tested every month and i have passed so many that i get ""take homes"".  I only have to go there once a month now and i have to see my counslor for an hour each month and get drug tested.  I get called in for random drug testing.  I have to bring my bottles in so they will know that they are ""straight"" so they know i am not selling them.  They do that to everyone.  



I have been there for seven years now and i am 26 years old.  WHen i first started, i had to drive 1 1/2 hours a day for seven days a week for three months and then i got one take home.



after three months of passing drug tests:  1 take home

6 months:  3 take homes

one year:  5 take homes

1 1/2 years: a weeks worth

2 years: 2 weeks worth

2 1/2 years:  a months worth....  I had to drive so much where there isn't many clinics in the states and i had to drive that far just to get to mine.



I have been doing good and being strong.  I just wish i would have lowered myself down after about 6 months.  So now i am addicted to methadone.  It is just legal and cheaper for me then pills and i know i get it everyday.



I hope i helped.



Thanks.  :)"
Migraines diminished and appetite diminished, resulting in lost weight.	Initially began with 25 mg and increased in 25 mg increments until reaching 175 mg daily. Difficulty in concentration, moodiness became the norm, stress. Loss of weight which most likely caused the diagnosed potassium deficiency, which resulted in an irregular heat beat, resulting in stress symptoms, which resulted in stress test. Very difficult first six months.	"Switched doctors, my decision to stop medication. Migraines returned. Began taking Topamax again, under different doctor, but at a dose of 50 mg daily.  Worked. Migraines greatly reduced, a slight difficulty initially with concentration and moodiness but then those symptoms improved. 



A year later at 50 mg daily I'm doing well. I can safely increase up to 75 mg when I know that known triggers are expected - low pressure weather system, menstrual cycle (haven't conquered that migraine yet!) etc."
The drug did lower the blood cholesterol effectively.	"The side effects included nightmares, muscle weakness, dizziness. 

In addition there were emotional disturbances."	The drug was prescribed by a Cardiologist and was effective, however the side effects were considerable. After approximately one year the cholesterol LDL did drop and although this was positive, the side effects continued. After two years, the dosage was reduced to alternative days at the same daily dose. If the cholesterol level remains normal, with the adjustment of diet and exercise, the plan is to further reduce the drug over time.
It helped greatly with depression but had immediate sexual side effects.	Sexual side effects - loss of desire  also increased my restless leg syndrome.	I was on the medication for about three months.  It helped enormously with the depression - i react well to SSRI's - but as is typical for those meds, the side effects were too much for me and i switched to wellbutrin
Avoidance of infection.	Full body hives appearing 8 days after treatment began.	Standard post surgery antibiotic.
Since I tried to avoid the GI effect of Motrin, or celebrex if used too long, the tramadol seemed a good alterntive.  I took it in the morning, and it generally seemed to energize me enough so that I stayed active, and if it didn't relieve the pain, It seemed to keep me from thinking about it and I remained busy.	I did find that if I took it in the late afternoon, I really   couldn't sleep at night, mymind raed and I felt unsettled.   It reduced my appetite a bit, ad I would work without eating, or drinking.  Had to remind myself to eat.	I have degenerative joint desease in both my hands.  Took the standrd painkillers, not narcotics, but asa, tylenol, motrin, and then Celebrex.  The best was celebrex, but there is a danger with taking it long term.  Ultram ws prescribed at first as 50mg twice a day.  This wasn't at all effective.  So we upped the dose, and this worked well, except not at night. Since then I hae had boththumb joints replaced, and althoughI still have a prescription for the Ultram, I rarely use it... sometimes for back aches.  Someone once told me it is an opiate derivative.  If so, it does not seem to have an addictive quality, or any withdrawal symptoms, at least not the way I have used it.
The first five days I felt amazing and I have had great sleeps for the 16 days.	After the 5th day, I still slept well but my anxiety returned.  My balance has been off, I am extremely tired all day, there is a bad taste in my mouth which alters the taste of food. My mouth is so dry that I drink non-stop and cough a lot. What made me decide to quit this drug before the month trial is the fact that I have this really bad memory loss.  I forget where I live, my dog's name, my employees' names.  I would look at a steak and not remember what it was called.  I would stare blankly.  My job is detail oriented and I could not concentrate.	I am supposed to take 50 mg a day.  I was told to take 1/2 in morning and 1/2 at bedtime or 50 mg at bedtime or 50 mg in the morning.  Whatever works.  There are so many side effects that the good night sleep will have to be given up.  I can't stand a drug taking control of my body.  I hope there is a better treatment.  I have a call into my doctor.
I had some experience with Retin-A when I was a teenager in the mid 90's.  My mom and I have the same type of skin - we both have some degree of acne as adults.  In the 90's my Mom started using Retin-A to control this and apparently it worked well, so I tried it (her prescription) as a teenager and it just irritated my face , making it red and eventually flaky.  The drug is certainly powerful.  I am sure I would have benefited from continued use but I didn't.  Now, approaching 30, I still have some acne and am starting to think any acne whatsoever is unacceptable.  Reviewing options, Retin-A seems top on the list.  I have read that retinol is a distant second.  However, I am hesitant because of the inevitable initial irritation and flakyness associated with Retin-A.	see above	see above
depression lessened	headaches after 4 years, no control over breathing, the drug created inner emotions and feeling that weren't present before starting taking the medication, the bi-treatment of lithium and risperidone also created feeling of excessive sleepiness, created a weight gain of more than my normal size, colors of objects turn more bland and life seems more pointless when taking risperidone during the day. Taking the medication at bedtime turned out to be better. Smoke 2 packs a day after taking the medication at night and waking up the next day. Less able to control emotions.	I had more energy than others when i was younger and the doctors and parents wanted to punish me for it by putting me on medication. Havn't been able to get off them since because they are addicting and mind warping.
Boosted my mood a fair amount. My MD chose this med because I was having significant insomnia, and it definitely helped that, which was great.	But after I had caught up on my sleep, I felt very grogged out, even in the daytime. This was not acceptable, and I soon stopped the med.	Took before med to help with sleep and avoid daytime grogginess. But it still made me groggy during the day.
Normal blood pressure	Depletion of potassium, and heat and cold sensitivity (inability for body to regulate temp)	I was diagnosed with mild hypertension at age 24.  I began taking HTCZ at that age and am still on them.  I also began taking Cozaar about 4 years ago as the HTCZ wasn't quite enough.
I had no benefits	Nausea, dizziness, increased anxiety, and extreme irritibility.	I could not control my irritability.  It was out of control.  I felt like I was not myself.  When starting my third week on this med, I stopped.  By day two I felt much better.  Would not try this drug again.  Had only slight nausea after stopping this medications that quickly went away.  My depression worsened on this med.  Would not recommend.
I have more energy and I feel better.	I feel more hungry than usual, but I try not to overeat.  Slight weight gain.	Due to the hunger feeling...  I have breakfast when I wake up and I take the Levothyroxine 2 hours after breakfast with a full glass of water.  The hunger feeling has become less.
The benefits of taking Zomig are suppression of migraine/headache pain for at least 12-24 hours.  Sometimes the migraine would return after this time but usually it went away completely until the next attack.	The side effects of taking Zomig for me are inability to wake (if taken before sleeping) and extreme drowsiness/fogginess if taken while remaining awake.	"I can take Zomig to alleviate any headache pain (including hangovers) which is odd because my doctor told me it would only work on migraines.  The sooner I  take it the faster it works.  If I take it and lie down in a dark room it works faster but I have a very difficult time waking up unless a full night has passed.  If I take it during the day and have to be at work it takes much longer to work (around three hours).  It also makes me feel very foggy and I cannot drive. Sometimes I have to take a second dose, but it has always worked after that.  Sometimes if I catch the headache early enough and go to bed I can cut the dose in half and it still works.  It's success seems to be closely tied to the ability to get away from light, sounds and smells that tend to aggrivate the migraine. If I wait too long to take it, nausea sets in and I cannot keep the medication down.  Then I need to take the sublingual dose, which I don't like to purchase because I can't divide the doses at all.  

I am very happy to have a medicine that alleviates the extreme migraine pain but I wish it didn't make me so drowsy because that still cuts into my productivity."
The best , BEST thing about Wellbutrin is that I have my sex drive back fully and I am realizing how much I missed it. That has been fantastic. I have noticed some appetite suppression too, which seems to sort of come and go, but it's definitely a welcome side effect. I have been able to get A LOT done at work, which is never a bad thing, but it's also unpredictable thus far. I also enjoy not having to deal with the nausea and overall sickness I would experience if I missed a dose of Zoloft.	I'm still sorting out the side effects. I keep having waves of anxiety and depression interspersed with days of feeling great. I have noticed I'm more quick to anger, which isn't really all that bad. Makes me realize I'm FEELING things fully. I have had some difficulty sleeping and loss of appetite, sometimes good, sometimes a little alarming.	I decided that I wanted to go off Zoloft because, while on it, I still experienced some depressive episodes and a terrible loss of libido. I felt out of control and wanted to reclaim that part of myself so I tapered slowly off of Zoloft... which was very difficult, as it can make one very very sick, with flu-like symptoms. While tapering off I began taking the 150 mg dose of Wellbutrin. I still don't feel 100% treated, if one ever can, but I am happy to have myself back, even if I'm not always as good as I want to be!
The benefits of percocet were that it did take away my pain from my knee surgery, but I felt it needed to be stronger toward the end of the 5 hours.	My side effects were mild itching. It drove me crazy, I had to switch to a differnt pain medication.	I had to take 2 pills every 5 hours.
While taking Effexor at the 37.5mg dose, I have noticed some improvement in my mood stability throughout the morning.  I felt less anxious during the day, but anxiety creeps in again towards the night.  Although I felt MUCH happier and more like my "old" self on the higher dose, the 37.5mg dose allowed me to sleep the night, which was not possible at the higher dose.	Upset stomach was common if I forgot to take it with food.	My doctor prescribed due to depression and anxiety.  As mentioned above, I felt so much better on the higher dose (75mg?)... but was unable to sleep at night for several weeks on this dose.  Therefore, I began again at the lower (37.5mg) dose (after trying a few other antidrepressants).  Overall, I am currently unhappy with the effects of the lower dose.
I now lost 6 kg during 3 months and I can now wear my favorite dress without any hassles.	I always experiencing oily bowel movement. I starved too much.	For the last 3 months that I intake Xenical, I feel the loose of my body, Even though I had this kind of side effects but I have to sacrifice just for my own sake. It's worth it! I love my body now! thanks to Xenical.
Made dental implants possible	The triazolam seemed to stay in my system for days. I experienced a moderate degree of memory loss. There were also a couple instances of loss of cognitive reasoning, which was most frightening.	I had total dental implants, which involved removing my existing deteriorating teeth (full set) and then placing first, temporary titanium posts into my upper and lower jaws and then permanent posts. A series of temporary acrylic "teeth" were fashioned to fit onto the temporary and permanent posts until my gums healed. Then permanent porcelain teeth were attached to the implant posts.
My acne cleared within one to two months and did not return while I was taking the drug.	I noticed thinning of my hair. This is the only reason I stopped taking the drug, because my hair is naturally very fine iin texture and the thinning was more noticable than if my hair was of a thicker texture.	Interestingly, if I took four 250mg doses per day, the drug was not as effective in treating my acne.
softer clearer skin. noticed skin got worse in the beginning but then it go better. Skin got fairer.	excessive dry skin. would feel the heart racing sometimes. noticed skin got worse in the beginning but then it got better	"tok one tablet a day after lunch. a 10 mg tablet. Had side effects like chapped lips, dehydration, dry hands, peeling skin on finger tips.

Also had to avoid being in the sunlight and apply a good moisurizer."
paxil took away my anxiety and made me feel very comfortable on social gatherings.  took away my depression also.	constantly tired, napped everyday, gain 30 lbs.	paroxatine will pretty much walk you thru life with a ho hum attitude and nothing will bother you.  you will gain weight and there is nothing you can do for it.  as far as trying to quit the drug you will go through hell and back before you come out of the woods.  my advice is don't try it to begin with. use paroxatine as a last chance method. i finally successfully quit.
cleared the face of acne and some improved appearance of scars	skin peeling and dry and chapped lips	I took 50 mg a day for 4 months as a last resort for acne. was quite effective with moderate side effects
Alleviated pain in the affected area of the arm. Reduced all other symptoms also of Chronic Regional Pain Syndrome. Allowed me to get a good noghts sleep without waking and needing to shower due to excessive sweating which is symptomatic of the condition.	Side effects were chronic constipation, for which I was prescribed Lactulose, headaches which would last for days, disturbed sleep patterns, vivid dreaming. The inability to concentrate for even moderate periods of time, dry mouth and sluggishness.	The patches were prescribed following a consulatation with the local pain clinic and unsuccessful nerve blocks performed by both the pain clinic and the fracture consultant. After 6 months of side effects I decided to stop using the patches as I felt that the relief in pain was not matched by the quality of life provided by the use of the drug
Within minutes, migraine disappears 98% of the time.  If I wait too long to take medication, it reduces the chances of eliminating the migraine.  Without Zomig, I would have a lot of sick days from work.	I feel sleepy but I would rather feel this way than to edure the pain of a migraine.	Taken PRN, only prescribed 6 tabs every 20 days
releaved fluid so i could breath better	i'm 71yr i have break through vagina bleeding  with clots and i think it is from the diovan i am taking.  because about an hour after taken  it gets real heavy.  it's getting worse.  i've got to do something.  please advise.  thanks	one pill taken at night to release retained fluid and reduce blood presure.
able to function, get out of be for work, be sociable, etc. better sleep at night	dizziness, sleepiness, nausea, funny sensations and sounds in head ears and eyes, difficulty waking up and staying awake.  It took many months to get adjusted to the medicine.  If i miss any paxil doses, especially 2 in a row, I get the same symptoms	paxil and wellbutrin taken once daily. initially also taken with xanax 0.25mg (1-2 tabs) and ambien for anxitety and sleep.  weaned off xanax and ambien within one year. counseling once a week.
Reduced swelling and pain.	loose stool, diarrhea, weak stomach.	"I had my wisdom tooth removed, then about 2-3 days later i experienced throbbing pain that would not go away, mouth was very swollen. brought into my dentist right away and was prescribed Amoxicillin 3times daily for 10 days. 

I missed two doses, then two weeks later i experienced achy joints, general fatigue, sore neck, and finally swelling of my cheek and mouth, presented to medicentre and prescribed Amoxicillin again this time for 7days. hopefully it works, and i will not miss a dose this time!Am a bit worried about blood infection as i am still achy and fatigued."
Reduced BP a few points.	Tinnitis (very load and annoying), leg and back pain, headaches, no coughing however	Started on Lisinopril(20mg)/HCTV(12.5mg) and after 5 days the leg and back pain, headache, jumpiness were unbearable.  Doctor assumed potassium loss due to the dieuretic and took me off the HCTV and went with Lisinopril(20mg) only once per day.  The side effects continue well past the time when the HCTV should be out of my system.   I am going to the doctor tomorrow and want off this drug completely.  Plan to use diet and exercise to lower my BP.
Overall mood was enhanced for a few months, then benefits plateaued and disappeared.	Loss of sex drive; Increasing agitation; Heart palpitations making heart murmur much more apparent; Worsening nightmares and night sweats.	Doctor hoped to wean me off of Xanax by using Effexor as what she called a "non-addictive" substitute. Unfortunately, I needed increasing doses of Xanax to counteract some of the side effects of the Effexor. Stopping Effexor resulted in about a week of zero energy and flu-like symptoms, and several weeks of mental confusion and what felt like "brain zaps".
so far combo of spirolonactone and yasmin has regulate my periods, however i have not seen any improvement on acne nor any decrease in facial hair	frequent urination, always thristy, dizziness.	sprioloctone has been prescibed to help with hair loss of the scalp, but so far has not shown to be of much effectiveness..second month on it and hair sill falls out a lot.
It gave moderate relief to the sciatic nerve pain I was experiencing.  As the severity of the pain lessened, it could totally ease the pain.	I experienced constipation that became worse the longer I took the pain med.	As I began having severe sciatic nerve pain, the doctor prescribed tramadol to help with the pain.  I was also receiving physical therapy and the tramadol helped me to tolerate that until it began to help correct the sciatica.
Until Remicade, I wasn't able to sleep without waking from the pain of moving my legs, so I exstatic about that relief.  I no longer have any stiffness, except for when its cold or if I grip something for a while, but it doesn't last for hours like it used to.  The swelling in my joints has signficantly decreased.  Unfortunately, the medicine has not stopped my flare-ups, which only last for a 2-4mnths at a time on a finger joint or toe joint.  Nor has it prevented osteoarthritis in my feet.  I am also struggling to find that right dose that helps with the fatigue.	I got pneumonia after the first treatment and it took 3 months for it to go away.  My breathing hasn't been the same since, I've to see a pulmonary specialist every couple months to manage the constant asthma that I now have.  I have also gained approx 25 while taking the medicine, although it's not supposed to be a side-effect.  This is what bothers me most, extra weight puts more strain in my joints.  I also have frequest yeast infections.  I have almost constant sinus congestion.	I recieve an infusion every 8 wks.  Since I started a year 18 months ago, we have, recently increased the dose and have shortedn the interval at which I recieve the medication.  I use this medicine in conjunction with methotrexate, which I self inject every week, 10ml (I HATE that part).
Very rapid reduction in wheezing and coughing.	Water retention under skin making it tender to touch including odd places like the back of the head. Feeling of raised body temperature and heat. Mood changes (feeling positive)	Generally 20mg for 3 days then dropping 5mg per day every 3 days. Once at 5mg the dose is halved every three days. It should never be stopped suddenly.
Increased learning capability + focus, happier	magnified anxiety over future stressfull tasks, possible hair loss,	Started off taking concerta for add related issues- but had become dependent and tolerant to the dosage, then went on strattera for a few months but had severe side-effects... now on wellbutrin xl for 6 months with relative success
The number one benefit was that it helped with the mood swings.  I no longer felt like I was having a mental breakdown.  I felt like I have had more control over my emotions, being that I could be upset and crying one minute and then just fine the next.	I had headaches for several weeks after taking this med.  Along with insomnia.  I also had some mild weight gain.  After being on it for several months I lost my urge to be sexual active.	I was instructed to take one pill a day, keep track of the side effects I was experiencing, then go back in for a re-check to make sure everything was going better.  Everything had gotten alot better, so I continued at the same dosage and am still doing well today.
Blood sugar was under control. BP was under control.Sleep was much better.But I had nightmares when I was on a beta-blocker like Metoprolol earlier.Sometimes I had Sinus bradycardia also.In addition, there was an urge to smoke whenever I got up at night.My tongue used to become dry and my speech was slurred.	Restlessness, Constipation,bad dreams etc.	"Glimeperide-1 mg b.i.d.

Metformin 500 mg b.i.d.

Amlodipine 5 mg od.

Encorate chrono 500 mg b.i.d.

Atorvastatin 10 mg o.d.

Respidon 3mg b.i.d.

Larpose 2mg HS.

Becosules-Z o.d."
Cleared up infection	diarrhea for weeks later	Pills my son had to swallow were horse pills.  Too big for a kid, even an adult would have trouble taking them.
Focalin XR reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms.  It increased attention and reduced fidgeting.  Also noticed an increased productivity at work and better interpersonal interactions.  Additionally, the XR formulation is easier to take properly because it only has to be taken once a day, versus 3 - 4 times a day for the non extended release formula.	The main side effects experienced included loss of appetite and increased anxiety, especially towards the end of the drug's effectiveness period (about 8 hours).  This is an improvement over short-acting Focalin where these side effect was experienced up to 3xs a day.  I did not experience any other side effects.	Diagnosed with ADHD at 17.  On some form of Ritalin since 17.  Ritalin had too many side effects so used Focalin.  Unfortunately Focalin short-acting required me to remember to take it 3xs a day, and I have ADHD, so the extended release was a much better fit.
Reduced the level of thyroid hormone, thereby minimizing many of the hyperthyroid symptoms.	Muscle cramps.	PTU was administered in varying doses while thyroid hormone levels were monitored. The dose was adjusted accordingly, but often the response was a few weeks behind the dosage change, hence it was difficult to titer and keep hormone levels within normal ranges.
The psoriasis cleared up a great deal on my hands and scalp, back and feet. The pain level was dramatically decreased and I was able to cut back a lot on the antiflamatory drugs I had to take when I had a bad flareup. I was able to sleep deeper and longer.	I had two one week stays in the hospital with cellulitis and staff. The enbrel lowered my resistance to infection and I was advised to stop the injections. I had bad bruises that lasted for several months. I had a lot of stomach trouble and I started wrinkling on my face and neck. I lost a great deal of hair on my head ,eyebrows, and lashes.	The cost was was $2000.00 for twelve weeks of enbrel, plus I had to have blood work every month and see the rheumatologist every month.  I took two injections at home every week. If I got a cold or fever I had to suspend the injections until I was well or risk serious infections. The risk of cancer was also very high and that was why I eventually stopped . I am already in a high risk group because of both parents and two siblings who have had and died of different cancers.
Helps me focus at work in the Corporate world.  Also helps me to "think" before I blurt out the first thing that comes to mind.	Inability to sleep some nights is the worst side effect.  I take the medicine Monday through Friday and when I take Adderall each Monday, I usually cannot sleep Monday night.  Sometimes I get overly anxious from taking the Adderall.	I was diagnosed with ADHD in college and have taken Concerta, Zoloft, Ritalin and maybe a few others?  I prefer the time release so I do not need to take multiple pills through out the day.  (I would probably forget too!)
Lighter periods, clearing of acne for the first 6-7 months.	I think it might have made the hair on my scalp thinner; irregular bleeding (this might have been due to my not always taking the medicine exactly at the same time each day).	Even taking the medicine correctly, my skin started breaking out again and I've had to go to a higher dose formula.
complete cessation of my acne....effects lasted for about 2 -3 years	very dry skin, bloody nose	took accutane orally aswell as applied certain creams to my face
total disappearance of psoriasis, greatly reduced fatigue, increased mobility, little-no sciatica, pain only felt upon application of pressure, all infection markers reduced	some swelling to soles of feet, some colds/coughs but no bad infections, cuts and bites take longer to heal, very severe injection site reactions leading to transfer from etanercept to adalimumab	x
The drug helped with sleep, but was inconsistent. I was a chronic insomniac, rarely sleeping more than 5 hours a night, often less.  With amitriptyline I was able to sleep more regularly (although not always), thereby alleviating some of the symptoms of depression and living more functionally on the whole.	Unfortunately, athough I was sleeping more regularly, I was still not rejuvenated.  The sleep was of a drugged quality, remarkably different from a natural sleep, in that I still felt tired a lot of the time.  Always dry mouth after the night, and after several years of use, I wondered if it had affected my memory, as loss of memory was notable. Seems to me that I had frequent headaches, as well.	I took the drug every night, just before I intended to sleep.  Often I would fall asleep, but still wake in the night, although usually falling asleep again, which I would not be able to do without the drug.  Mornings were a little foggy for me, and there was the reality of dry-mouth, and the possibility of a headache.  I tried to quit for several months after the second year, but was so plagued by insomnia that I went back on it.  After another 9 months or so, I quit because I was worried that the long term use had affected my memory and the efficacy of the drug was inconsistent in any case.
There was a noticable smoothing of the skin and lightening of age spots.	Slight peeling of the skin occurred as did some redness and dryness. I added additional moisturizer to alleviate dryness	Used tazorac cream 01% in conjunction with Obagi Nu- Derm system. Applied it after mixing a small amount with Obagi Blender with hydroquinone  after cleansing skin. Used Obagi Clear and Exfoderm and sunscreen during the daytime.
relieved the pain	swelling, weight gain, fatigue	I was prescibed lyrica for pain in the leg.  It was caused by an impinged nerve in my back.  Since weight gain was a side effect of the medicine, although it did releive my pain, it made it harder for the swelling in my back to go down.  In the end, I came off lyrica and immediately dropped 20 pounds and the nerve was no longer impinged.
Adderall allowed me to start and FINISH projects. It also gave me energy. I am not a coffee drinker, so Adderall was like my ???morning coffee.???  It sometimes would give me a feeling of mild euphoria, which was nice. Certain tasks (like cleaning the house!) didn???t seem so difficult because I would not get distracted by other things.	Adderall allowed me to start and FINISH projects. It also gave me energy. I am not a coffee drinker, so Adderall was like my ???morning coffee.???  It sometimes would give me a feeling of mild euphoria, which was nice. Certain tasks (like cleaning the house!) didn???t seem so difficult because I would not get distracted by other things. Also dry mouth.	I was put on the medication by my family doctor when I complained of my inability to finish projects. It was affecting every area of my life ??? work and relationships. Initially, I was prescribed Ritalin (but it gave me major tension headaches). I was then prescribed Adderall. It seemed to work right away with minimal side effects.
I had less wrinkles, better tone and texture overall. People could not discern my age and wrinkles developed when I stopped using. I developed no acne during the use of Renova.	I developed severe hyperpigmentation and somewhat dry skin. My skin is also thinner and transparent around the eyes.	After 5 years of daily use, I developed melasma on forehead after a single day of sun exposure. I sought treatment and used high amounts of prescription hydroquinine but the melasma is still apparent. I have been told I need light therapy to remove.
I had been to several doctors regarding pain in my thigh mostly.  I had seen Orthopedic Dr, Family practice (2), Endocrinologist and finally Nuerologist, who prescribed the Mirapex.  I did note slight improvement in leg pain however the weight gain issue was totally unacceptable to me and the benefit was only slight.  I have had much better results with Lyrica.	Basically, I only noticed a huge weight gain of approximately 15 pounds.  I do not really recall any further side effects.  There were however, other side effects listed on the prescription contraindication form.  I do not recall what the side effects listed on that form were now.	he Doctor told me to take  he medication at bed time each evening. she also suggested that I might find it useful to sleep with a contour pillow between my thighs.  She said to get up and walk around rather than lie in bed tossing if I could not sleep.  As for the weight gain, it was recommended that I try to excercise more and reduce caloric intake.
Some of the larger brown spots faded. Skin seemed smoother.	Caused irritation and more redness. Skin was very sensitive. Some dryness. Most suncreens caused burning and itching.	Told to use in morning and night all over face.  This proved to be too much for my skin so I tried just at bedtime.  Need to wait after washing face for skin to dry and settle. Was also suggested to try different face cream moisturiser and sunscreen during the day.  Sunscreen a must.  Also used some anti-wrinkle cream with retinoid...
Works for both depressive and hypomanic episodes. Makes me calm, slows down my thoughts, and enables me to concentrate properly and work again. Sleeping very well. Feel like a normal human being again!	Groggy early in the morning but an espresso and a bit of exercise wakes me up completely. (Wish someone had told me to exercise early in the morning before!) Also learnt to take pills earlier at night (6pm) for better sleep and less grogginess in the morning. Initially picked up 30 lbs but now losing weight through exercise and watching intake. Seroquel makes me hungry but I choose what to put in my mouth. When I am manic or depressed, I eat anything, but on Seroquel I can at least choose what and when to eat. I have suffered from migraines (with aura) for decades, but these have stopped too! The longer I have been on Seroquel, the less the side effects became.	Started on 25 mg and stopped after a few months. Restarted at 150 mg, then 200 mg and now 300 mg.
hot flashes  I still have the night sweats.	gallbladder disease, high cholesterol, (higher with the new Estrace). reflux	"I have tried all products available, but this product worked the best.However,once this product changed manufacturers, this product stopped giving the great benefits it once did.  The name brand product does not work any better than the generic.

It only works about 1/2 as well the original Estrace.  From my research on the web, I am not the only person with this problem.   I really miss my old Estrace!  I am sending this product and the generic product to an independent lab and have the ingredients analyzed.  The generic and the name brand are manufactured by the same company.  My money is on them being identical products!!! I sincerely believe this company is selling their generic form of Estrace as their name brand.  The are cashing in all over the market."
To clear the ear infection she was having and the mild cough and other cold systom she was suffering from at the time. The drug is a penicilin-type antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of bacterial infections.	Nausea vomiting or diarrhea may occur. the medicine may cause temporary staining of the teeth, serious side effects such as dark urine,persistent nausea or vomiting,stomach pain or cramping or blood or mucus in your stool.  Prolong use oral thrush or a new viginal yeast infextion.  White patch in your mouth a change in vaginal discharge or other new systoms.  My child itch all over	I can't remember quite well but it was to take it after each meal 3 times a day.
daily headaches reduced to 3 times a month.  Lost a lot of weight.	tingling fingers temporarily, fatigue, increased hair loss, weight loss.  Blood pressure dropped very low during weight loss phase.	take one in morning and one before bed.  I have a mixture of migraine and tension headache.  The tension headaches all but disappeared.  Migraines came only 3 days before period after begining topamax.
There was some leveling out of bone loss.	I started having problems with my right jaw clicking, something similar to TMJ.  It went away completely when I stopped taking Actonel.  Not sure if it was related, but it seemed odd that it stopped when I quit the drug.	Mild osteopenia
effective in reducing anxiety	tiredness and little half-life causing quick mood shifts...  considered a time release but did not want to be drowsy all the time from the effects of the drug	twice daily.?  also suggested to take as needed, but i noticed a huge shift in tolerance quite quickly and more and more would be needed to maintain effects...
To relax the muscles	major headaches 20-30 mins after taking it.	After i take the medication in 20-30 mins i get alot if headaches, from the neck all the way up to the front of my head. But after the drug really sets in the pain goes away. i hope this changes and just relaxes the body without the headaches, i have to take it for two week and i'm on my seccond day.
I was a lot younger than what is normally recommended when I started taking Effexor at 15, but along with this help of a great therapist it definately seemed to lift that "cloud" of depression and my anxiety attacks and insomnia disappeared.	dilated pupils, increase in heart rate. When I was being "weaned" off it, I had a lot of dizzy spells	I was put on a 37.5 mg dose once daily for about a month before it was increased to 75 mg. While I was using this prescription, I had regular meetings with the psychiatrist who prescribed it to track my progress and I attended therapy sessions once a week.
It did help with my pain that comes with my adenomyosis. And it's nice to not have a period every month.	I have had spotting now for almost a month. I have gained about 5-10 pounds, which is not fun. I've had weird skin changes, and severe mood swings. I also feel bloated all the time.	none
!0 years after spinal stenosis, scar-tissue and additional narrowing of nerve canals causes sever inflammation and pain. My back pain is virtually disappeared, I feel like a new kid on the block	Constant chancre sores in the mouth. "Tanac" helps	I take one 15 mg Mobic with dinner. I have nothing else to add
After 15 days of taking the drug my mood lifted noticeably.  This reached the maximum level after about 5 weeks.  I experienced very high levels of confidence and an ability to focus much more on my goals.  This led to successful achievement and a dramatic move forward in my life.	A greatly lowered libido and extremely vivid dreams.	I was prescribed the drug at 20 mg a day.  For the first three weeks I took it in the morning but, due to severe drowsiness, after 20 days I began to administer it just before bedtime.  This resulted in the vivid dreams and led to greater alertness during the day.
cleared bacteria on skin slightly	stomach pains sickness	tetracycline is a antibiotic and a hormone used to control infections and regulate hormonal imbalances.
Reduced blood pressure.  If I was consistent with my dosage, after time if I missed a dose it wouldn't matter.  If I was inconsistent and forgetful with my dosage, I could feel heart palpitations and my bp would rise.  Bringing my weight down also helped greatly.  Typically my bp w/o dosing is 140/90.  At one time, I got it down to 118/80.  Consistency is a key in remembering to take the tablet faithfully every day and at the same time daily.	Initially I didn't notice any side effects.  After time, sometimes forgetting to take it, not getting RX refilled in time, chaning RX's, going back to Diovan, etc., my side effects became more noticeable and I had more of them.  Moderate to sever muscle aches were my major side effect.  Noticed more concentration required during driving, and eye vision blurriness.	At first took 80 mg dose, did well for several years.  Over time, weight crept up, wasn't managing stress well and dosage was upped to 160 mg.  Noticed more side effects on that dosage than on the 80 mg dose.  Also caffeine seems to play a major role for me in rising bp, as well as salt causing water retention.
Clearer skin,free from major breakouts	I often wondered if the osteopenia and mild von willowbrant's were a result of long term use of Doryx (an antibiotic).  Prior to taking Doryx, I had taken Tetracycline (since my late teens I have been on an antibiotic of some kind).  I am presently antibiotic free but am taking Spironolactone to control breakouts. A hematologist said my blood was deficient in collagen. Could this mild deficientcy be connected to antibiotic use, as well?	1 tablet once a day before food.  I usually took it first thing in the morning.  I also avoided any calcium supplements and dairy products for two hours afterwards.
acne cleared up and the whiteheads and blackheads and bumps disappeared, and pores visibly shrunk and skin got smoother and softer.	Some dry and flaking skin. Some irritation near mouth and nose.  Sensitivity to sun. Used sunscreen and hat to protect against sunburn.	Apply the cream once daily, usually at bedtime.
The medicine alleviated physical symptoms of withdrawal from use of alcohol and significantly decreased anxiety.	The drug created the same cognitive issues and coordination problems as alcohol. Taking it was like having a few glasses of wine. Driving would have been dangerous.	The medicine was prescribed upon hospital discharge.  Dosage was decreased every two days over six day period.
So far my skin has been red, itchy and peeling, but I have fewer blackheads and smaller pores.  I need keep using it to determine whether it will diminish fine lines and wrinkles.  Others say that you need to use it for at lease a month before the side effects diminish.	redness, itchiness and peeling.  Wrinkles around eyes actually seem a little worse due to dryness.  Need to wait and see in a month or so.	Apply moisturizer at night after cleansing...wait 10 minutes then apply a pea size drop of Tazorac over entire face.  Every other day, not every day.
Lost 10 pounds.	Oily stools, gas, bloating.  Learned to avoid greasy foods.  I experienced no other side effects.	I took a 120mg pill after any meal with fat (2-3 times daily).  It seemed like over time, since my body was aborbing less calories i started to crave less.  The only problem was that without modifying my diet, the weight came back after i quit taking the drug.  It is also expensive, and although it does work I am not sure it is worth the high price.
At first my skin was looking really great it even made my wrinkles less noticible.	I seemed to have grown sensitive to the medication after 6 months and I was a mess.  I had a face of red, sensitive, peeling skin.	Pea size amount rubbed into facial skin every evening.
reactions over-road the benefits.  I will simply say that I did not think I received benefits from this particular drug.  There are other pain inhibitors that worked as well as the vicodin with out the druggy feelings and sickness.	headaches, nausea, druggy feelings, heaviness, just an overall sense of malaise.  Felt like I was in a drug induced stupor.  Very uncomfortable and unacceptable.	to control pain after surgery
"skin cleared up

noticable clearance in scars"	"dry cracked skin

depression

mixed sleeping cycle"	i took Sotret for 6 months and it worked wonders. clearing up my skins and reducing the oil on my face.  But after the 4th month off the medication my acne reappeared. First it was just a couple here and there that disappeared eventually and then it scars reappeared.  Also to mention i was in a great deal of stress during this time because of college applications and school. The medicene worked for the time being but wore off. I was given Minocylcine which is antibiotic which worked and cleared my skin but again my acne worsened as soon as i was off the medication.
The treatment benefits were good. It took away the red bumps and flushing I had from the roseasa	When I got a sinus infection I had to go on antibiotics. I took 3 different kinds of antibiotics and they did not work. I read somewhere that Metrogel made you resistent to antibiotics.	I applied Metrogel for years with good results. It wasn't perfect. I had mild roseasa. I had flushing and small pimples on my cheeks. Metrogel somewhat cleared this up but I couldn't miss a dose. Then I got a sinus infection that wouldn't clear up even after 3 different antibiotics. I researched it and found that Metrogel was found to make a person resistant to antibiotics.
no headaches (had salt sensitive migraines)	dizzy, vomiting. my bp is sometimes too low especially after exercise but I am not having headaches as long or often	once daily, bp check every 3 months, bp checks at home, watch diet (no  added salt), lose weight. I have to go to dr. every so often for liver/kidney/glucose check too.
Increased concentration and the ability to study, stay focused and complete tasks in a timely manner.	When the dose wore off I would feel very edgy and tired.  I would have to really control my emotions which seemed off the charts!  Also, I found my heart would race and I would feel very speedy.	I was prescribed to take one 20 mg dose two times a day.  This seemed like to much at times, and so I would cut it in half.
I was initially calmer and motivated on 35 mg.  I cleaned house and felt like I was moving in a positive direction.  I was very hopeful that I may be feeling better.  My internal chatter had quieted.	On 35 mg had an effect the first day. I didn't sleep but I did not expereince sleeplessness until the third night.  Impotence settled in.The first day with 75 mg a late afternoon anxiety dive,fatigue, depressive episod appeared.	One week 35mg, second week will be 75 mg, third week 150.mg.
reduce anxiety	weight gain-approx 20 lbs, loss of sexual desire, drowsiness dose	take 1 pill in evening
purging of the skin, some clearing acne.	Initial break-out, drying, peeling of the applied skin area.	differin was prescribed to treat moderate facial cystlic acne. it is applied once every other night on affected area. For the first month, the acne that were underneath the skin surface were pushed out, thus created the appearance of a break-out. However, this break out resolved over time and healed quicker than previous break-out experienced before using the medication. Drying and Peeling and all the typical side-affect of retinoid  were observed.
Next to none - bringing up rubbish did seem to stop at one point - but not for long.	"Day 2 I had vomiting & feeling sick for up to 4hours.The vomiting itself only lasted 15mins, mainly due to having little food in my stomach. The worst thing was being unable to keep water down.



I have also experienced an upset stomach & achey bones."	"I had to take 2x 100mg tabs on the 1st day & then 1x 100mg tablets for the following 6 days. Although at one point the bringing up of rubbish was reduced, it didnt last very long & my chest is still feeling like I have an anvil on it =(



I found that I had to eat 2 rounds of dry toast 30mins before taking the tablet & ensuring I was upright for a min of 45mins after taking the tablet to ensure I wasnt sick."
Acne no more after 8 months of use.  I have yet to ever have another break out of acne, much less a more than one flare up of more than one pimple at a time, and that is once in a blue moon.	Dryness of the skin and mouth, peeling/flaking.  Seemed like my acne was getting worse, but I was told, my skin was purging the acne out, and that is exactly what it did!	"I went once a month to see my dermatologist, which he would look at and then prescribe me another refill of 30 pills, one to be taken everyday.  I had no insurance, so at the time I was using Accutane, it was $90.00, for a 30 day supply.  



I had to go once a month for a blood test, to make sure all organs were working properly. I had to go to the hospital, because the dermatologist I used at the time, did not have lab testing equipment, that could be done at his office. 



The only other thing I used and that was advised to me was to use a mild moisturizer, and the was Oil of Olay, they now call it Olay, and to use Dove soap.  I drank like a gallon of water a day, because I got cotton mouth, but that came and went, and was never constant. (I was never told to use sunscreen!)



After, about the end of the 2nd month of using Accutane, my face was just about free of any acne.  By the third month, my acne was just about gone.  The rest of the following months, I was free of acne.  The following months my face stayed dry all the time, and I just used Olay, in the morning and in the evening. By the end of the 8 months, I was taken off Accutane, and have never had acne since.  



It was the best thing that has ever happened to my skin.  I fought acne from the age of 14 to the age of around 24.  12 years later, I am still acne free."
none	Nausea, loss of appetite, a little chest pain and vomiting. They gave me a shot of this at the hospital and then perscribed me with it. Once I got home I noticed I had an upset stomach, I thought it was because they gave me the shot on an empty stomach, so I ate something small and tried to take a nap. When I woke up from my nap my upset stomach did not go away and I felt naushes. I tried to drink a Powerade and eat a few preztles, that did not help at all. So for dinner I ate some soup and the upset stomach, nausea and chest pain still continued. I went to bed and woke up with stomach pains and still nausea. I ended up vomiting but only a little. I haven't taken any of the prescribed pills, just the shot at the hospital, and I am still feeling nausea, an upset stomach and a little chest pain. This medicine is not good at all.	I couldn't lift anything heavy cause of the inflammation in my chest or breathe in really cold air. The doctor told me instead of using Naproxen I can take a hot shower, use a heating pad or to take Ibuprofen to alevate the pain I was feeling when the inflammation would come back or get worse.
Strattera seemed to give me some energy and focus for a few hours.  However, about 5-6 hours after taking the pill, I get sleepy and groggy.  I have never taken a stimulant (newly diagnosed ADD), but this sounds familiar to the "crash" I hear people talking about.  So far the sleepiness and fatigue are out-weighing the benefits of this drug for me.	See above.  Sleepiness and groggy-ness about 6 hours after dose.  I also feel irritable during the "sleepy" time, probably due to the fatigue factor.  I have noticed that little things get me irritated more easily while on Stattera.	"I am nervous about taking a stimulant, but this Strattera doesn't seem to be doing the trick for my ADD.  I also have no use for a med that makes me feel sleepy during the day...that is worse than the original ADD!!



Also, I have not noticed any appetite reduction, but it has raised my blood pressure.  I hear stimulants do that too, so I'm growing tired of messing with Strattera when I am getting stimulant side-effects with none of the stimulant benefits."
The treatment Benefits included feeling less anxiety, stress and pressure in many social situations. I felt less irritable and more willing and open for change. I had been feeling very down on myself and ???lost??? in terms of my emotional well being and stability. I had been feeling a lot of pressure and like I didn???t fit in in many situations. I also felt that many things in life were hard- even small things like showering or brushing my teeth. Taking this medication helped me to overcome those feelings and be able to do everyday things without seeing them as such a challenge. It stabilized my mood as well so I wasn???t experiencing major irritability, intense frustration or anger.	The Side effects I experienced from this drug were minimal. I did experience some headaches and a bit of a ???spacey??? feeling in the head when I first started taking it. Overall, I would say that the major issue I experienced which I am considering a side effect was a dulling of the emotions. While it helped me to curb my frustration and irritability, it also dulled my ability to feel great happiness or excitement about anything. My husband complained that I just stopped caring about everything. I also became completely disinterested in sex.	I am unsure of what the treatment details mean. I took this drug for about a year under the supervision of my general practioner. I took a 10 mg dosage the entire time. This dose was never increased. The drug took about 4 weeks before I noticed the benefits. I stopped taking the drug when I, along with my GP felt that I was doing better and no longer needed it.
reduced acne and refined skin texture. Helped to prevent new breakouts to a certain extent.	Dry skin. After washing even with the mildest cleansers I noticed my skin would be very tight and uncomforable.	"Differin is a retinoid, supposedly the mildest of all retinoids. I was prescribed this for mild, yet persistent acne. While it did help clear up the acne it also caused me to continue to get more pimples in areas I didnt normally get them. So it was a slight paradox. 



I would have continued to use the medication of it wasnt for the dryness and tighness I used to get after water touched my skin. My skin never felt comfortable. I gave it a good 5 months but my skin never seemed to adjust.



So while it worked pretty good for the acne, it also caused to much skin dryness. So I moved onto a new treatment method."
Increased my estrogen levels, started ovulating again, and after about 6 months my ovulation formed a predictable pattern with an ending menstrual period. It was an easy small sized capsule to swallow and did not break down in water. Once ovulation was kicked off and preganancy still did not occur, it allowed my obstetrician to focus on other possible problems.	Initially there were no problems, but after a week or so, began to suffer from blurred vision, which would appear and disappear at random. Hot flushes would also be sporadic. I also had a sense of "scatterbrain" ie my mind felt jumbled up, I could not make quick decisions, everything seemed blurry in my head. My stomach suffered from bloating  and a sense of squirmishness.  On some days I vomitted.Over time this decreased, and eventually after 1 and 1/2 years these symptons stopped. The time line probably could be reduced, but on ocassions of sickness, I stopped taking clomid and began the next month. My skin had a positive impact - it was very clear and had a very soft feel/texture. I had a very heightened sense of smell as well.	After a first successful pregnancy, my attempts at a second were not succeeding. Medical tests showed my ovulation hormones were very low and my period was very erratic and sometimes non existant. This coincides with my history of polycistic ovariaries. A dosage of Clomid was initiated with the aim of increasing hormones to correct levels, produsing measurable ovulation and resulting regular menstrual periods. Clomid caused some quite uncomfortable side effects initially ie dizziness, vomitting, unclear mental thoughts and stomach sensitivity, which onoccassons sent me to bed for recovery. Over time as my body absorbed clomid and adjusted to the hew level of hormones, the side effects stopped. Whilst not inducing a pregancy, it allowed my obstercian to focus on other possible problems. Overall, Clomid did exactly what it is designed to do - stimulate ovulation. I would recommend its use.
Regularly reduced fasting blood glucose by 20-30 points	Initial diarrhea. Must gradually titrate up to the assigned dose, and take with food.	I would take one 500 mg pill every time I ate, or 2 500 mg pills at breakfast/dinner. Effects were apparent after 10 days. I am still on this medication, as I no longer have side effects.
Serve Acne has turned to middle	Painfull muscles, problems with seeing at night	"This drug is highly teratogenic ,females must take contraceptive tablets,so I did.

I didn't experience any  serve side effects.It helped but the cost of therapy is horrible I resigned when I was told some of patient commited suicide maybe becouse of that drug."
