It controlls my mood swings. It helps me think before i act or speak. It controlls amxiety. IT FREED ME TO LIVE MY LIFE HAPPILY!!! I cared about my life more. Everything had more meaning to me. I lived a very dull life before taking prozac.	I didnt really notice any side effects.	This drug may not be for everyone but its wonderful for me! It makes me a totally different person, a better person.
By the end of the 10-day treatment I felt better, but still had major congestion, green/yellow mucus and was coughing up mucus.  The symptoms were milder than before I started the treatment but definitely not gone.	I felt no significant side effects - perhaps some slight drowsiness.	Basically the treatment did not seem to work.  My presumption is that symptoms should have completely cleared up by the end of the 10-day treatment, but they were still significantly present.
I immediately stopped having panic attacks.  It really was miraculous, as they were becoming more and more frequent and severe.  On the combination of klonopin and prozac, I have not experienced a panic attack in 10 years. I simply feel "normal", and am able to go through my days without any feelings of extreme nausea or dizziness, which is how my panic attacks manifested themselves.  No longer did I have to leave work early, avoid restaurants and supermarkets, or worry about getting suddenly "sick", for no reason.	I experienced no side effects.  I was not tired nor did I feel medicated.	I started both klonopin and prozac together.  At first, I took klonopin 4 times a day.  Then gradually I was able to cut back to twice a day, first thing in the morning and again at dinnertime.  I did this very gradually, cutting out first the noontime dosage, and then the bedtime one.  I have never had talk-therapy at all.  I continue to take klonopin, or the generic clonazapam to this day with no adverse reactions at all.
Treatment benefits were noticeable but not substantial. I did not respond to 100mg a day as I or the doctor had hoped. But it did allow me to stay focused throughout the day with out drowsiness or fatigue, so I give it a positive review. Treatment effectiveness varies among individuals	nervousness, insomnia (if taken late in the day)	"Took 100mg each day in the morning, sometimes if drowsy another 100mg mid-day 

for cronic fatigue."
to reduce acid production and stop acid reflux, the tablets are easy to swallow and moderately effective, their effectivity is diminished if reflux is already occuring.	there are no side effects	take 2-3 times per day to aviod reflux acid. this is most effective prior to eating so take 30 minutes before eating or drinking alcohol will help to aviod heartburn
This medicine stopped post nasal drip, itching throat, eyes, and nose.	There were no treatment side effects noted.	I have taken this medicine once daily, in the morning for at least 5 years.  It has been very helpful and does not make me sleepy.  It does not, however, last the 24 hours claimed, which is why I also take benadryl at night to manage allergy symptoms at night.
Helped build bone loss. Osteoporsis runs in my family. We are thin. Two of my sisters were diagnosed with osteoporsis in their early 40s. One sister fractured her pelvic bone at 40 from bone loss.	I had no side effects. I always followed the directions - take it with water. No other foods or drinks for an hour afterward. Don't ly down.	I took the drug weekly for about 8 years. During that time I have had 3 bone scans. My bone loss subsided. I also drink a lot of diet soda though, and that can effect calcium intake. In the last year I have increased exercising with weights. I am due for another bone scan in the fall.
more energy and alertness, less fatigue & regular normal period duration. Periods had been irregular, and often very heavy with severe cramps and clotting. Mental attitude improved. I became less tired during the day and required fewer hours of sleep to feel fully rested. Concentration improved and thought process seems much more clear after taking the medicine for about four months.	none, I felt not ill effects	simply taking medication daily
During first 12 months... lowered total cholesterol by 100 points, LDL by 90 points, and triglycerides by 74.11 months after starting medication, angina brought me to the ER. Cardiac catheterization was done and 60% blockage  found. 1 Year after that,more angina, another cath. and no change in blockage was found.	I did not experience any side effects and still continue that way. During the first year, my doctor was running labs every 3 months and at no time were any abnormalities noticed. He continues to do labs at 6 month intervals now and as of last one(3 weeks ago), still no problems noticed.	Began dose at 20 mg/day and have remained at that dose for 3.5 years. During that first year I also made some nutritional modifications. I recognize now that it was a half-hearted effort, but the combination still provided very good results.As of today, my cholesterol numbers have gotten even better. total CHOL.=102  TRI=49  LDL=55 and HDL=37(started @38).I had lapband surgery 3 months ago and have made dramatic changes in nutrition in addition to the medication.
stops persistent coughs in 30 days.	non	I tend to have persistent coughs after a cold, the coughs would last up to 8 months. I had been prescribed many cough medicine to treat the coughs, but nothing seen to work. This condition would occur winter after winter after a winter cold. Only two years ago my GI doctor diagnozed my condition as associated with reflux, and prescribed Kapidex for me to take at the onset of a cough. It works great because it stops my coughs after one month instead of up to 8 months.
The benefits were great. I really liked Symbyax because it didn't give me side effects like the other medication I used to take did. I would wake up in the day feeling refreshed. As I was taking Seroquil for my Schitzophrenia, I would always wake up feeling exhausted and tired;still, even though I would take the medicine during the nights! I used to be stressed and aggravated all the time before Symbyax and Seroquil. Now that I'm on Symbyax, I'm emotionally numb and the voices in my head vanished. So I had a good nights sleep and didn't wake up as tired as Seroquil used to make me. :]	I didn't really have many side effects besides the medicine making me want to go to sleep. But I'm not complaining, since it does help the voices and the shadows go away for a while. Besides that, my psychiatrist wanted me to take advantage of the other side effect, and that side effect is that Symbyax might make you gain a little weight. So I wouldn't suggest it to people who want to lose weight. I still didn't seen any change in the weight gain and it was about a month when I started taking the lowest dose of Symbyax. Now that that month is over, I just started taking a higher dosage and I have noticed an increase in my appetite. I recommend this drug for the depressed ones who are a little underweight and the Schitzophrenics.	As I was being diagnosed for my Bipolar disorder, I would say the medication did more for me than my therapist. The drug, Symbyax, made me more calm than I have ever been. It took about a week for the medicine to kick in and when it did, it really did work its magic even though Seroquil was pretty good at knocking me out to sleep, it didn't help me with my anxiety and depression like Symbyax has.
Dramatic loss of weight and inches first week.  Settled into Meridia's Program provided over the Internet (comes with perscription).  Promised myself to follow the rules.  The toughest for me, was not to weigh myself everyday.  Meridia wanted me to check only once a week and I'm glad I refrained.  The thrill of seeing a huge difference each week has kept my knees from complaining.  The strength of Meridia has never lessened.  If I forget to take it, I feel like the bottom of my floor has opened up and I am in free fall.  It really is strange...  When I take it with my vitamins each morning, it gives me a definite feeling of support.  I am loosing 2 lbs each week along with inches.  I'm doing better than what they advertise but that is probably because I have a gym in my home.  I walk 70 miles/mo. and do free weights.  I also love my whey protein porrage in the morning with blueberries, shake for lunch and balanced meal for dinner.  I do eat snacks.  A Starbucks coffee (also made at home), with 1/2 an energy bar... or, an orange.  Responsible eating.  I also understand the dynamics of over eating, being menopausal with depleated hormones.  Meridia has been a life saver for me.  Thanks to my fabulous Doctor, who is also using it.	In 2 mo. (3/4 of the program), 22 lbs weight loss.	3 months, 1 capsule of 10 mg. per day.  After 3 mo., back in to see my Doctor for another check-up.  Continuing on Meridia for another 3 months for achievement of goal.  According to my Doctor, I can use it as a maintenance.  I honestly have no side effects.  I just wish it wasn't so expensive.
I was having panic attacks and very high anxiety. Effexor XR helped to reduce the anxiety and eliminate the panic attacks. My depression is much, much better.	I have to take it with food or I get sick stomach. Otherwise I have no side effects.	You must take a SSRI daily. If you skip a few days you start to feel like you are getting a really bad cold, and disoriented. They are hard to wean off of. Do not stop taking! Talk to your doctor if you feel you want to reduce your dosage.
I was able to live, xanax gave me the ability to face life and dissolve my constant fear	There were no side effects as such.. the only one was a build up of resistence to Xanax..14 years to my consumption of Xanax I have build a resistance to it and needed more tablets per day for Xanax to have an effect. on top of this I got so severely depressed that I was taking up to 8 tablets per day, which was twice the allowed daily dosage	I was taking 4 tablets of Xanax per day, after 14 years I was taking up to 8 tablets per day.
cleared up chronic eczema.   Especially effective on elbows and legs.	I did not experience side effects all though I was warned to avoid exposing treated area to sunlight.	I was told to use this once in the morning and once before going to bed.  I had to use it on clean skin, and to make sure ointment fully absorbed.  I started to see improvements within days.   I was warned that I might have recurrence of eczema after a few months, but I didn't.
This drug did not completely eliminate outbreaks. While it may have diminished length and extent of outbreak, still had more than expected. Decided not to take any longer and had better results taking Olive Leaf extract daily	none	prescribed as a daily preventive for herpes outbreak.
"I can recommend a reputable pharmacy (Aricept) - pill24.org I received the order and it was on time and the pills work great.

P.S. 5% discount coupon code: 9sh73h"	"I can recommend a reputable pharmacy (Aricept) - pill24.org I received the order and it was on time and the pills work great.

P.S. 5% discount coupon code: 9sh73h"	"I can recommend a reputable pharmacy (Aricept) - pill24.org I received the order and it was on time and the pills work great.

P.S. 5% discount coupon code: 9sh73h"
This medicine was very effective.  It calms my stomach and I do not feel constant contraction and nervousness in my stomach.	No side effects for me.	Doctor performed a colonscopy to role out cancer then he prescribed this medicne.  I have been taking it for the last three years, one a day.  Once I ran out and did not take it for a few days and all of my previous symptems came back.
"I have my life back.  That is the main treatment benefit.



I suffered from impulsive behaviors, probably the most harmful/dangerous of them being binge-eating and bulimia.  Since taking Lamictal at 300mg for 4 months now my eating habits have become completely normal.  I have not purged in 3 months.  This is amazing.  I would binge eat and purge because of anxiety.  Now I feel like a normal person--not obsessed with food, I eat when I am hungry, stop when satiated.  I have lost a LOT of weight (20 pounds in 3 months without dieting/counting calories, etc.)...nothing was wrong with my metabolism, it was the impulsive eating, stealing food from others, throwing it up (which gave me a high--not just to get rid of the calories, but it calmed me...).  I love the Lamictal for this because it's not like some meds that make you lose weight by destroying the appetite.  I am just a normal person now!  



I also quit the Lexapro as it was triggering hypomanic episodes.  The Lamictal is stabilizing my moods--it doesn't numb the depression like the SSRIs I have been on.  I feel things.  I am clear-headed.  But I am able to step back and not be hurt by every look I get from people, I am not paranoid anymore, I can wake up in the morning with energy and I fall asleep within 3 minutes of hitting the pillow.  I get sleepy at 10pm.  I am not hyper and can sit still for more than 2 minutes.  :-)



All good for me.  This is the right medication for me..."	Loss of weight, but this was just a result of my mood stabilization as I had developed serious eating disorders.	I started slowly and built up as recommended.  I have been very faithful and have not missed 1 dose in the 4 months on this medication.  I am now at 150mg 2x per day.  I think I will stop at this dosage as it is done its job on me...I don't need a higher dosage.  When I was at 200mg I was mostly "fixed", but still had rage issues and was still impulsive.  That is gone now.
Adderall greatly improved my focus and concentration.  Before my diagnosis of adult ADD, I had a very difficult time focusing and staying on task.  I also experienced "hyper-focusing", which prevented me from getting things done at work in a timely manner.  It has also helped improved my memory.	I didn't notice any side effects from Adderall.  However, it is metabolized very quickly and only stays effective for about 3 to 4 hours.  Forgetting to take the second dose around 1:00pm makes for a confusing afternoon, until I remember to take it.	My prescriber and I went through about 3 different medications before Adderall, and those did have unpleasant side effects such as sweaty palms (all the time), dizziness, and heart palpitations.  Once I found that Adderall didn't cause side effects for me, we gradually increased the dosage from 5 mg to 10mg and then back down to 7.5 mg which works best for me.
I've only been on it for a week but I've noticed a change already. I am more awake and it seems as though a fog has been lifted. I am thinking more clearly and don't feel so down.	None so far.	My doctor added Abilify to my 60 mg of Cymbalta because I was feeling really fatigued and unable to function.
I did not notice much of an increase in milk production, but is difficult to say.  I was nursing and pumping milk at the time, and wanted to increase supply.	I did not notice side effects, but was quite concerned about possibility of tarditive dyskenesia.	I took for approximately one month, while pumping and nursing.
I was able to stay successfully fall asleep and stay asleep the entire night.  I typically take 1-2 hours to fall asleep.  This starts to work in 30 minutes and allows me to get a full nights sleep without continuously waking up throughout the night.	The side effects include forgetfullness and one should not drive after taking the medication.	Take at night as a sleeping aid to fall asleep and stay asleep.
Doctor prescribed Acyclovir for cold sores and said it would reduce duration of cold sores. In fact, it has completely eliminated flare ups for over 5 years. Before I started taking it, I would get a cold sore once or twice a year. It is very important to have a dose available at all times, because it is crucial to start taking it at the first sign of tingling. The effectiveness of this drug has far exceeded my expectations.	None.	"At the first sign of a cold sore flare up, such as tingling, puffiness, or pain at the location were the cold sore normally flares up, you begin the treatment. My doctor prescribed 400mg 3 times a day for 5 days. 

It is very important to begin treatment immediately. Hours can make a difference, once the blister has formed, its probably too late and you will have to go through the scabbing and healing process. However, I have found that if treatment is started immediately at first sign of tingling, the blister is prevented altogether. At least, that is my personal experience."
Although it did not completely rid me of my migraine it helped to dull the pain. I was actually able to go to work with a migraine instead to taking a day off to just lie still.	no side effects.	At the first symptoms of a migraine I wojld pop a copule of tablets. For severe migraines I would repeat the dosage about 8 hours later. However, over time I found the medication to be less effective and ultimately stopped taking it. It seems as though my body became immune to it's effectiveness.
Advair keeps my asthma completely in control if I am faithful to take the required dosage each day.  I have taken fluticasone before, but it seems to be the addition of salmeterol that is the key for keeping my asthma under control.	I have not experienced any treatment side effects.  I do have to rinse my mouth out after each dose to prevent oral yeast infection.	Each diskus has 60 chambers each containing a dose of medicine.  Dial to the next chamber, open it, put your mouth over the chamber hole and inhale.  I hold it in my lungs as long as I can then breathe out and rinse out my mouth.  The dosage counter lets you know how many doses remain.
Initially diagnosed with GERD 13 years ago, I was miserable with C/O heartburn and an uncomfortable epigastric "feeling" After EGD I was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia and gerd. Started on Prilosec and cut back on caffeine and quite smoking. I have not experienced any symptoms since that time.	None	Prilosec 40mg at HS
Birth control	None	I kept forgetting to take my daily birth control pill, so my doctor prescribed the Nuvaring. I put it in once, take it out in 3 to 4 weeks, and put a new one in a week later (after menstruation). I don't forget anymore and have no worries about an unwanted pregnancy.
The benefits were amazing.  After 3 days, I felt good.  I didnot want to stay home and not see anybody.	A little sleepiness at first.	I have always been depressed.  This flared up considerable when I was having trouble with endometrious.  I was just sick of myself.  Within a few days of taking Lexapro, I felt beeter and could make reliable decisions about things.  After my hysterectomy, I needed the meds to work with the HRT.  I just needed a little boost because my body was not responding to the hormone therapy like it should.
The medication eliminated the nausea/stomach upset. Added benefit was weight loss because I could stop using food to settle my stomach.	none	Just took one capsule 1/2 hour before breakfast each morning.
There were no benefits.	Absolutely none.	I bought a 24-count box and took two as recommended each day.  2 days later having felt nothing, I took 4 for 2 days.  Again 2 days later I still had not received any relief, so I took the entire box.  Absolutely nothing happened.  This was the name brand drug, not a generic.
lower cholesterol	none	daily with water at nite. and every three month blood test for liver issues.
It stopped my Multiple Sclerosis progression.  I still take it.  There are a lot of MS patients  who are using it now.  It really works and is a very safe inexpensive drug.	I dream a little more.	It is a FDA approved drug at 50 mg. for Drug dependent patients.  It has been used in the 3 to 4.5 mg doses for MS for about 10 years.  It has gained popularity in the past 5 years and is undergoing various double blind placebo testing at this time for MS, Crones Disease, Aids, and various other conditions.  It is extremely safe in the Lower doses such as 4.5 mg.  It is also called LDN, as an abbreviation for Low Dose Naltrexone.  Once I started taking it for a few days, my MS symptoms improved and according to my Neurologist, my progression has absolutely stopped.  I started taking it in 2000.
None	none	Metrogel was applied after cleansing, before applying moisturizer.  This was done twice a day, morning and evening.  There was no change in the 'bumps' that were on my face, and there was no change in the progression of others that were forming.  I religiously used this get for two years before stopping treatment.  Using Metrogel was a complete waste of time for me.
BONE DENSITY INCREASED.  I HAD A BONE SCAN AND SHOWED ON THE BORDER LINE OF OSTEOPEROSIS, (?)  WELL AFTER TAKING THIS DRUG, MY BONE MEASUREMENTS INCREASED.  NO SIDE EFFECTS AND DEFIENTELY A GOOD MEDICATION FOR US BABY BOOMERS	NONE I DID NOT HAVE ANY SIDE EFFECTS, ONLY THAT MAYBE IT WILL HELP TO PREVENT BREAST CANCER, I HAVE A STRONG FAMILY HISTORY, MOTHER, GRANDMOTHER, AUNTS, COUSINS, WHO HAVE DIED OF BREAST CANCER.  SO THIS MEDICATION IS A GOOD THING FOR ME.	TOOK ONE TABLET A DAY, ALSO FOUND OUT IT HELPS TO PREVENT BREAST CANCER.  I HAVE BEEN TAKING FOR OVER 5 YEARS NOW, I NEVER HAD A SIDE EFFECT, TAKE EVERYNIGHT WITH MY MEAL.  NO ADVERSE EFFECTS.   I WILL CONTINUE TO TAKE FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
Most importantly, my blood pressure went back down to normal when my heart rate rose to a more normal level. I was then taken off the topral and my blood pressure has remained at a good level. Additionally, my hair stopped falling out and wasn't as dry. Also, my skin improved. Before the medication, my skin was horribly dry and flaky. The changes did not take place overnight. I would say that it took about 3-4 months to see any improvement in my hair and skin.	I really experienced very few side effects, if any.  Initially, they started me off on a very low dosage because they just thought it was simply hypothyroidism but after a blood test, they realized that I has Hashimooto's thyroidities and moointored it more closely. At low dosages, there wasn't much improvement in my symptoms. I do have excessive sweating but they aren't sure if that is the synthroid or menopause and the doctors don't really seem concerned.	Initially I was being treated for high blood pressure and put on topral but they did a TSH test and realized that something was wrong with my thyroid. I was originally started off on a very low dosage ( 12.5 mcg/daily) and had to keep going back for blood work every month. Slowly they increased it until they did another test and found out that it was Hashimoto's thyroiditis. At that point, they increased the dosage to 75 mcg/daily and so far it has worked out but I do have to keep having the TSH levels checked.
Indomethacin immediate reduced the very inflamed and painful swelling in first joint of my left forefinger, my first - and thanks to prompt treatment with this drug - my only attack of rhumatoid arthritis.  I didn't recognise this swelling as arthritis because it was my first attack, and I neglected to seek medical advice until the joint was extremely inflamed and swollen.  Since this attack, I've used the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) ibuprofen as needed to prevent further attacks.	I experienced no adverse side effects when using Indomethacin with food as directed, and was very pleased with the almost immediate reduction in pain and swelling.	My doctor prescribed one 25mg capsule 3 times a day with food, for one month, which I followed; this treatment was completely successful for me. Since this treatment, I've used the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) ibuprofen as needed to prevent further attacks.
I had spent a year trying to improve my food intake because of my bad skin.  This got rid of the acne within a matter of days. although I still have a few acne scars my skin is soft and feels fantastic.	none	once a day I had to a tiny amount of the cream on my face after cleaning.  That is all, and it worked.
I do have time now with my kids and to my husband and I can able to make things well.	I do only have a mild rashes on my skin and a dry skin, especially on my lips.	Before when I did not take yet this medication, I feel so uncomfortable everyday and always had an headache because of lack of sleep at night but as I take this pill I feel so relax on my daily activities.This pill is great!
Occasionally I have a difficult time falling asleep and sleeping through the night.  When I take this medicine I fall asleep within 15 or so minutes and am able to sleep 7 or 8 hours.  My sleep seems undisturbed and uneventful.  When I wake up in the morning I awake completely alert and energized.	I did not experience any treatment side effects.	"I have been taking this medication for occasional insomnia for over one year now.  

I will continue to take this medication to treat my insomnia for as long as my physician prescribes it for me."
I quit taking Lithium because it didn't seem to be helping anymore and I didn't like the way it made me feel.  After going off Lithium my Dr. took me off Ativan which set in major anxiety.  I started drinking to ease the anxiety, but the alcohol sent me into major Manic/Depressive moods.  While drinking I was extremely manic, and while sober I went into major depressive states.  I could barely leave my house while in a depressive anxious state.  I missed a lot of work and started working from home.  Getting out of bed seemed impossible, finally got on Lamictal which took about six weeks to fully kick in.  Since then my anxiety has gone down(lower than ever before).  I am on a low dose of Klonopin that is taken on an "as needed basis."  My life is has improved greatly since I have been on Lamictal, works much better than the Lithium ever did.  I am so greatful for this drug it has given me my life back.	None	Started out on 25mg/day and slowly worked my way up to 200/mg 2x's a day.  Saw a therapist once a week for about 8 weeks, then switched down to once every other week for a month.  Now my family Dr. is handling my prescription.  I am lucky about that because I was told that some Dr's do not feel comfortable handling bipolar drugs.
I had tried several allergy medicines, but had the side effects of extremely dry eyes - so dry that I blinked constantly and my eyes felt achy. Flonase has controlled my allergies fairly well without the dry eye side effects.  I still have drainage (which I have always had), but it isn't too bad and I don't get sinus infections or pain too often. I have been happy with it.	None.	I have recently started using a Netti-Pot in hopes of being able to stop using Flonase daily. I have not yet weened myself from Flonase.
The patient has been taking this in hopes of fighting the depression he is dealing with while going through cancer treatments. He has been taking this drug for one month now and has noticed markable improvements. He is able to concentrate better and focus better. He seems to be in much better spirits and is in all around better spirits.	There have so far been to side effects with this drug.	As said, this patient has been taking this in hopes of fighting depression he is dealing with while going through cancer treatments.
After several months using these drops I really could not tell much benefit. However, when I stopped  using them for a month the dry eye problem was bad enough to make me realize they had been helping enough to make me realize I was better off with them than without. I continue to use them.	I had no side effects except some slight burning once in a while when I put them in my eye.	I was to put one drop in each eye in the morning and again in the evening.
The abscess cleared totally after taking the stated dose for 4 days.  The full 7 day course was however taken.	There were no noticeable side effects.	The doctor advised taking 2 tablets for the first dose to 'kick start' it into my system, which I did.  After 4 days of the treatment, the swelling and the pain had almost gone.  I was then able to attend a dentist who could examine and treat the tooth that caused the abscess.
This drug initially provided a modest suppression of appetite. However, within one week my appetite was as great as ever. Given that this medication is not covered by insurance, its virtual ineffectiveness is particularly noteworthy.	none	Patient is supposed to take it first thing in the morning so that its time release qualites have the longest impact. One is told that after a month or so you may need to boost your dosage to continue to experience benefits. However, for me, the benefit lasted only 1 week! Not worth it!
I was able to fall asleep and stay asleep.	I do not experience side effects IF I practice these other habits:  not drink any coffee after 10 am; I have to take the drug between 9:30 and 10:15 pm and go to sleep then.  If I take the drug after 10:30pm, I will be woozy and drugged the next day.  If I have to stay up later for any reason, then I can't take the drug and therefore will have insomnia and interrupted sleep.	Take 150 mg at bedtime and go to sleep immediately thereafter.
After smoking for 41 years, I no longer smoke and can't believe I ever did.	ZERO side effects.	"I held on to the prescription for 18 months, but never filled it - until I decided I should, completely expecting to fail.  I did as prescribed and continued to smoke through the first week or so.  One night I saw only six cigarettes left. I became anxious and actually went out and BOUGHT TWO PACKS! Leaving the store, I felt like a junkie who just scored a fix, and, I was disgusted.  But - I smoked them, finishing the two packs in a bit over a week, which was much less smoking than I had ever done.  ..And,.. after smoking the last remaining cigarette, I magically never smoked again.  



It's been over a year and I can almost qualify as one who has no cravings because they are so, so rare (maybe once every four or five months) and they last for less than a nano-second. 



I'm so smoke free and amazed at two things: 1. How easy it was to stop because of the Zyban, and, 2. That I ever smoked at all - even though I did for 41 years. Other than being smart enough to finally get the prescription filled, I deserve no credit because there has been no need for any great will on my part. I have absolutely no cravings, no desires, no urges to have to will myself through.  They simply don't happen."
Lowering of blood sugar without risk of hypoglycemia	None	For years I took 4 ml glimepiride daily for type 2 diabetes, but often awoke in the middle of the night due to hypoglycemia.  Finally my doctor reduced my glimepiride to 2 ml daily and added 250 ml metformin daily.  For me, this combination is very effective.  It controls my blood sugar as well as the glimepiride alone without the concomitant hypoglycemia.  I understand that some people with borderline type 2 diabetes control their sugar levels with metformin alone, and my doctor may try this if my glycohemoglobin blood tests (HbA1C) stay in the low 6s.
i stopped crying, and could breath better	none	"just went to the doctor, explained that all i felt like doing was sighing , and how i could burst out in tears at any given time- he suggested lexapro-i resisted-didn't want drugs. went back 1 month later and said, ok, lets try it-

i stopped crying, it worked"
This is an NSRI, different from an SSRI because it works on more than one brain chemical. When an SSRI is ineffective or a patient finds that after a period of time a working drug stops working and symptoms of depression return they may be advised to try an NSRI. This was the case with me. I have been treated for my depression for years and had done extremely well for periods of time on several different drugs at different times. Moving from one to the next as I bottomed out on each. Celexa and Lexapro being the most recent. When Lexapro let me down after a couple of years I was advised to try Pristiq which was just released only a few months before my doctor suggested it. I was extremely hesitant as I did not want to go through another adjustment period of sleeplessness, headaches, possible weight gain, sexual issues, etc. You know the drill if you have taken drugs for deperession. So I chose to stay on my Lexapro and be depressed, hoping that it would start working again at a higher dose. Wrong. Getting to the end of my rope with my depression I finally decided to bite the bullet and try the Prestiq. My depression disappeared within 3 weeks leaving me feeling better than I had in months. I began smiling again and fully functioning doing the things I enjoy and had let slide. My sense of well being and hopefulness for the future returned.	Honestly, none for me. I sleep, did not gain an ounce, in fact I lost a small amount of weight even though I did not need to, no sexual side effect at all! Only thing that was tough was waiting for the dosage level to become theraputic in my system, which as I mentioned took about 3 weeks.	I was instructed to continue on the Lexapro at a lower dose for one week. At the 2nd week add my dose of Pristiq to the lower dose of Lexapro, at the 3rd week drop the Lexapro completely and continue on my dose of Pristiq. This was done while staying in contact with my prescribing doctor. Now I take 1 50mg tablet everyday of Pristiq, and am doing very well.
my legs stay still so i can get to sleep and stay asleep	i feel nauseated about 1/2 hour after i take it	I take 1 -1.5 mg per night about an hour before i go to bed.  it stops the feeling of havingto move my legs and quiets them while i sleep so i can get sustained deep sleep.
None - did not work	No Side effects	Topical application did not work.  Tried other prescription drugs as well (topical) but did not work.  Finally was advised to try a 1:5 solution of white vinegar and this cleared up the issue.  The vinegar made the nail bed inhospitable to fungus and nails grew in perfect, solving this 20+ year problem that plagued me.  I recommend anyone suffering from nail bed fungus to try this.  I put the solution in plastic bags tied with elastic bands and walked around with them for an hour a day.  Small price to pay for relief of this nasty affliction.
lowered blood presssure with no notable side effects.The reduction in blood pressure was immediate with no other bothersome side effects	none -- i was warned that many blood pressure medications have bothersome side-effects including lowered libido, sleep disturbances etc.  i suffered no change in any physiological symptoms other than the lowering of my blood pressure	Take the medication once per day and take measures to reduce the sources of stress in my life as well as take measures to more efficiently deal with existant daily stress.
I took these medications while having severe symptoms of h-pylori which had been going on already for about 10 days(severe stomach pain).  After about 3 days on the medication my syptoms were much improved and soon disappeared.  Before taking this medication I would have bouts of this pain every few months during stressful times and it would take weeks to go away.  Since taking this medication during that three week period two years ago I have had no more syptoms of h-pylori despite several stressful time periods.	I don't remember any. (except sensitivity to sun with flagyl)	I took these two medications along with flagyl for three weeks, 3 times a day (this is my memory of it).  Fantastic!
Fast results vs. traditional antibiotics such as amoxicillin.	none	I had two cases of bacterial tonsillitis four months apart. Both times the doctor did not want to prescribe antibiotics, however, I had had one case of bacterial tonsillitis several years ago and I knew that amoxicillin did not cure it. I requested a stronger antibiotic than amoxicillin. The doctor would not prescribe it. After several days of excruciating pain plus Tylenol with Codeine I begged for a stronger antibiotic. When Z-pak was prescribed, the antibiotic began taking effect in just a few hours. In 24 hours my symptoms were greatly reduced and the tonsillitis was cured in just a few more days.
After being diagnosed with narcolepsy, Provigil changed my life.  I had learned to live eternally tired and able to fall asleep at a moment's notice.  After a sleep study revealed narcolepsy and I started on Provigil, I feel as if I've been given a second chance at life.  Provigil helps me to stay awake and be alert....I no longer feel fatigued and always wanting to sleep.  Provigil is an amazing drug and thank God it's available!!!!	none	400 mg every morning, 200 mg early afternoon.
Control of high blood pressure.  Taken in addition to Cartia XT once daily to control high blood pressure.  The hydrochlorothiazide (HCT) increases the amount of urine removing salt and excess water to help lower high blood pressure.	Dizziness, lightheadedness, and blurred vision.	For Atacand HCT take one pill by mouth every morning.  For Cartia XT take one capsule by mouth every evening.
The nexium was highly successful in calming the stomach acid. However, it took a long time to do so effectively. I only stopped taking it after a year.	None.	I was advised to take the drug in the evenings and it was easy to incorporate the drug into my daily regimea
"I suffered from debilitating migraines.  The first treatments of anti-depressants were effective, but the side effects became intolerable.  After 

trying other types of medications, Effexor (both XR and regular release) have been a blessing. I suffer no side effects and in the laast 5 years have only had to increase the dosage one time."	"Previous medications (Nortrytpaline, amatryptaline) had a major sedative reaction.  I was unable to get up in the mornings and was sleepy all day long.

Also a dry mouth contributed to tooth decay as I was always having some sort of 

mint or candy or gum in my mouth."	My Effexor treatments as simple, just take the drug once a day on the extended release type.
My hyperthyroidism is in remission 9 months after stopping the drug.  I had no side effects and even my thyroid nodules are gone.  Pretty amazing!!	None - I felt no different at all	I took the tapazole daily along with atenolol for the shaking and heart racing I was experiencing.  I am completely drug free for 9 months and the thyroid is fine.  I am so glad I didn't let the doctors irradiate the gland to ablate it.  I would have had to be on synthoid forever.
My son is generally very leary of any type of medicine and even throws up certain cough syrups and acetaminophens that I would give him.  I had two concerns for this oral medication.  First, I was skeptical that this prescription for amoxicillin would be any different in terms of taste and that my son would also throw it up.  Also, being that my son is a diabetic coupled with the fact that he was sick, I was concerned that this medication might have sugars that would affect his blood sugar readings.  I found no real difference in his health for the first two to three days but in the days following, his health improved dramatically to the point where we almost forgot to take it.  Understanding that the antibiotic needed to be taken for the full ten days in order to be the most effective, we continued to take it to the end of the ten days.	My son did not notice/experience any side effects.  There did not seem to be any physical reaction with the drug except that he became better within days.	I gave my son a teaspoon of amoxicillin after each of three meals per day for ten days in total.
taking the eye drops once a day relieved itching and redness.  there were no side effects.  the treatment stopped my eyes from itching and being red.  it did not seem to have any other side effects.  there is really nothing else to say about it.	there were no side effects	once a day, usually in the morning put 1-2 drops in each eye
Significant improvement in mood, affect, energy, libido, and overall mental status. Significant reduction in anxiety, moodiness, and certain obsessive compulsive traits.	None	Patient suffering from severe depression prior to medication. Had taken Wellbutrin SR in the past with moderate side effects and moderate improvement in depression. Attending psychiatrist prescribed Wellbutrin XL at a higher dose in conjunction with Dexedrine for ADD. Marked improvement in depression and ADD symptoms. Patient still taking medication.
I have never felt so good in my life. This drug doesn't make you happy but it gives you a stable state to work from. I also read self-help books and have therapy along with the medicine but I wouldn't have been able to not have extreme highs and lows without Lamotrigine. It saved my relationships and my sanity. Thank God for this medicine.	Yeast infections occasionally.	In therapy weekly and using "Feeling Good" and "Break the Chain of Low Self-Esteem".
I had more energy, better disposition and I slept better. This hormone therapy is great. I think most menopausal women should take it. It made me feel more like my old self.	I had absolutely no side effects.	I put on a new patch twice a week. I recommend Vivelle Dot to most women.
Finacea works well, is my everyday solution to acne and rosacea, but I still have occasional breakouts which are more quickly dried up by using Neutragena salicylic acid spot products.  Finacea has a creamier texture, so doesn't dry my skin as much as other products or irritate it, causing redness.  I still require a light moisurizer, in addition to it and the CeraVe moisturizing product that has been packaged with Finacea in a recent promotion works well with it.	None	I apply it over my entire face (except for eye areas)after washing and toning, but before moisturizing or applying wrinkle reduction cream.
"I had tons more energy, better sleep, my brittle hair and dry skin improved ,cold hands and feet were a thing of the past ,but the best part was the fact that my  

horse voice and persistent sore throat got better,also a feeling of well being which I didn't have before taking them , I felt I had control of my life again."	there were absolutly no side affects , I didn't have a dry mouth as I know some other medication can cause , no upset stomach , sickness ,or dizzyness.	1 pill every morning taken with water on an empty stomach, I didn't eat for about half hour after taking the medication , also I made sure I didn't drink it with grapefruit juice ,
There was no perceptible benefit to the patient from his point of view; there was an apparent improvement as measured by the doctor.  The doctor advised continuation of the treatment.	There was no perceptible side effect experienced by the patient; this is possibly possibly due to the inattentive nature of the patients deep depression.  The patient also had extreme sleep apnea.	Started the treatment for 60 days at maximum recommended rate; the patient found no perceptible improvement he then trailed off to stop treatment over the following 60 days.
Prior to starting 1000 mg acyclovir QID, I was taking the standard 200 mg 5 times a day regimin.  I devloped the shingles in the 5th cranial nerve.  I had lesions following the entire nerve roots across my face, but had them internally as well.  There were lesions in the ear canal, the side of my tongue and down my throat.  I had taken a flu shot and had exposure to sun, as well as starting 2 new jobs about the same time as the first onset.  I developed 1 blister which I thought was herpes. I had not had a herpes outbreak in years. I started the acyclovir and noticed more and different complaints every day.  I first got a lesion on the entrance to the ear canal and more accompanying the first one on my lower chin.  Then my lower teeth began to become painful, as if I had a great toothache.  After about 4 days, I began to feel exhausted and unable to snap out of my fatigue.  The next day I awoke and had a sensation that my mouth was not fully moving.  Later the eye began to remain open and would not blink. The 3rd day of these symtoms, I devloped total paralysis of the left face. I saw 1 of my doctors immediately.  He gave me a cortisone shot and told me the dose of acyclovir to take.  He said it was bell's palsey. A friend called and said it was Ramsay-Hunt.  I was on bedrest from Mid October until 2 weeks ago.  I have very little stamina, and slowly I am getting more energy.  The latest addition to my medication arsenal was Alpha-lipoic acid.  I had statrted lysine and red marine algae.  I stopped coffe, soda, most meat and ate only what little I cooked or made myself.  I am pleased that most of my facial functions have returned, with the exception of the eye bliking completely, and a slight difference in my smile.  I take at least 1 dose of ibuprophen every day due to neuralgia or a sense of swelling in my left face.	I did not notice any.	acyclovir, rest.  PRN doses of ibuprophen. Tape eye shut and use of moisture drops.
My blood cholesterol decreased from 260 to 190-210 and my LDLs dropped  and now hover around 100 mg/dl; always had high HDL levels of 84-92.  Needed to keep my VLDLs low too.	No side effects	high cholesterol, 260, at menopause and 2 younger brothers with heart attacks in early 50s.  Both brothers had high blood VLDLs.  So took Lipitor to keep blood cholesterol levels down because of family history of high blood cholesterol on both maternal and paternal sides of family.
it did keep my blood pressure lower , and i did feel better.and i felt more at ease driving	"I felt a little tired at times,and some dizziness  i ended up taking it at night 

and that seem to help."	"if i took it in the mornings with a meal. sometimes ,not all time my blood pressure 

did not lower like it should,so i took it at night, with a bigger meal.that seem to help, because during the day i seem to have a problem but not as often."
Benefits of Protonix were a greatly reduced incidence of heartburn and spams in the esophagus.	None	I took the Protonix once a day approxiamtely 30 minutes before eating breakfast.
The drug reduced symptoms of tiredness and moodiness.   Hair loss was also seemed to improve.	none known	Pill taken 1/day for life.   Dosage must be monitored over time and may need to be adjusted.  May take several different dosages to be tried before optimal perscription is determined for your body.   Also, in filling the perscription specify non-generic.
Totally under control	Byetta had slight nausea effects at first	I take Byetta imj twice a day before meals and metformin morning and night.  The Lipitor is taken at night and the synthroid in the am before meals.  My A1c is 5.2 and have kept off of insulin for 4 years.  Diet and exercise have also factored into the treatment.  I am totally under control.
lowered cholesterol by 13% with no side effects	there were no side effects from the dosage I take	One pill daily to reduce bad cholesterol with no side effects, I didn't really change my diet and the simvastatin reduced cholesterol by 13-15%. I get yearly blood test to see if it effected my liver and so far have had no problems.
My target was to have the a cholestrol reduction from 240 to under 200. I did not want want to take statins because I am not comfortable with drugs that inhibit normal metabolic processes. Evolution is parsimonius, and inhibition of any enzyme is likely to be reflected as an adverse effect in a seemingly unrelated area. Also, I did not want to take red yeast rice, which basically is a non-phrmaceutical grade of a statin. I liked the physical mode of action of Zetia. Within 6 months of starting treatment, my total cholesterol was down from to 200 and my HDL went up from 45 to 58.	I did not experience any perceptible side effects.	See treatment benefits above. I take my daily dose of Zetia shortly after having my breakfast.
The Atacand worked well for me IF taken consistently without skipping days.  I was able to bring my blood pressure to at least 120/80 and at times a bit lower.  Note that consistency of medication is a key.  Should the 8mg tablet taken once per day not prove as effective as desired, my physician advised that I could take an additional tablet or two per day without problem.	Did not notice any undesirable side effects.  The only thing that could be mentioned is that if one embarks on a significant exercise routine such as elleptical stairstep machine for 30+ minutes/day and keeps up the exercise for weeks on end while at the same time taking the Atacand, one may end up with a [not undesirable] blood pressure in the 112/65 range.	The Atacand worked well IF taken routinely without skipping days.  It takes a while for the regulation to start, ie, you can't begin from scratch taking the Atacand the first morning and expect proper blood pressure regulation that afternoon.  Doesn't work that quickly.  There is a tendency, after taking the medication consistently and seeing your pressure get well under control, to think that maybe you can stop or at least taper off of the Atacand.  One may try this but will find that the best regimen is consistency.  It did work well for me and keeps me under 120/80.
more motivation,stopped crying in the morning,improved feelings of wellbeing,I could enjoy music and started singing spontaniously at times,something Ihad'nt done in years	dry mouth at first week then no side effects ,even when I went up to a dose of 500mg a day under the care of a psychatrist	ruled out zoloft as it gave me diareahea when Itook it several years ago for panic attacks .The zoloft did stop the panic attacks,however. So Istarted on paxal for 3 months .felt somewhat better but slowed down or groggy.I decided the side effects were counter productive to what I needed in an antidepressant. Iasked to try wellbutrin. And felt the above mentioned benefits. I stared on the extended release then switched to generic and 2x a day dosing as the generic was much cheaper.I felt no difference between name brand and generic. Ihad no weight loss side effect.
the treatment cleared up the infection, mostly.  It cleared up the infection but I still felt that it was there for a while.  It did get rid of the pain in my ears from the infection really quickly, and the 'blocked up' feeling I had in my ear.	There were no side effects.	The infection was mostly cleared up.  For a few weeks I felt as though I still had a bit of an infection or it was coming back.  But after a while that went away.
outbreaks were reduced from one every few months to one every few years	none that I am aware of	just swallow one capsule three times per day
I was able to live without allerigies. Zyrtec alleviated my symptoms except for a slight cough without the drowsiness of other medications.	None	I was taking benadryl prior to zyrtec. I found that benadryl was way too drowsy and zyrtec isn't. I take zyrtec in the morning and it alleviates my symptoms. My doctor said it was better to take it at night because it might cause drowsiness. I find it easier to take in the morning because I usually forget at night. I find it to be very effective in alleviating most symptoms.
I would have complete relief from acid reflux if I took the medication daily.  If I skipped a day, I would start to have severe gastric distress from acid reflux, would then have to take the Prilosec as well as an instant-acting Tums or Rolaids.	If I took the pill and also several Tums or rolaids, I would get diarrhea.	I worry about taking a pill for acid reflux because I read a study that says that this type of medication can also leach the calcium out of your system.  I am 49 and have a family history of osteoporosis so this concerns me.  I have been tested for osteoporosis and my bone density and strength is within normal limits.
I have suffered from insomnia off and on for a number of years.   Fluvoxamine is an antidepressant and, as I didn't feel depressed, I was a little dubious initially.  My GP suggested I try it as I was unwilling to take any sedative-type pills.  After the initial start-up period (around two weeks) I found it made a big difference.  I now go to bed and sleep normally without any side effects such as drowsiness.  My GP suggested that I might have had a level of depression which was affecting my sleep, I don't know, although I do feel better generally as well as sleeping well.	In the first couple of weeks I felt a bit upset in my stomach, otherwise I was fine.	I took 100mg  Fluvoxamine about an hour before bed each night.  I continue to take it nightly.
"Stops and Prevented breakouts of hives!



I am severly allergic to most foods and plants, everything breaks me out.

Thanks to this pill, this won't happen any more."	None	I was to take 1 pill in the morning after breakfast, then 1 at night before I go to bed. I am to take it for 6 months as a test. The generic was a cheaper version for my parents.
less fatigue, decreased head aches,skin became less red in color joint pains reduced, slept better	none i could tell at this time.  if has been known to cause skin irritation due to sunlight, but due to the weather this has not been an issue	take  100 mg tab bid after eating and at least 30 minutes before going to bed in pm
After I started taking the medicine at the proper time of day, I no longer had to sit up to sleep. No longer have acid backup into my throat or throw up. As long as I didnt eat especially fatty or rich foods after 9 pm I was able to have a good sleep.	none	take one pill every morning, do not eat fatty foods or rich foods especially later in the day. Important to take the medicine early in the day, when I first started taking the medicine I wasnt told that and I didnt see much a change in the heartburn or other symptoms.After a couple months the doctor on a followup visit avised me to take them in the morning before I eat anything. That made a huge difference in how effective the drug was on my system.
took wellbutrin comined with lexapro. younger doctor willing to mix and match drugs to get the disired effect. an overall big difference was noted with mood swingsand crying spells where i couldn't get myself together in a reasonable amount of time	no side effects were noted. i had heard that on wellbutrin that alot of people(this was word of mouth) lose weight but this was not the case with me dag gum it!	wellbutrin 300 mg x1 daily combined with a daily multi vitamin plus exercise routine added daily. wellbutrin does come in generic but not in the xr formula so i still have to buy name brand.  i hope they come out with a generic equal to the original soo,
At the onset of my condition of hives, I tried to avoid taking any medications and was hoping to ride it out.  By the second day, the itching got unbearable so I gave in and took Benadryl to counteract the severe itching I was having.  At this stage, the hives were in full swing so the medication was only 50% effective but it helped enough for me to resist scratching myself.  As time went by, the itching slowly subsided and the hives went away (lasted about five days).	When I first took Benadryl, I took two tablets (50 mg) on an empty stomach.  The medication left me nauseated and lethargic.	After the initial dosage taken (described above), I reduced the dosage to just one tablet (25 mg) but I increased the frequency to one tablet every two hours.  I figured this would be equivalent to the recommended directions of 2 tablets every 4 hours but I spread the tablets out to keep the effects of the medication fresh.  I also learned not to take this medication on an empty stomach.  It worked since I did not suffer any nausea, drowsiness, dry mouth, or upset stomach.
To stop the infection of cystitis and other urine infections when it became too painful.It makes the passing of water less painful and reduces the passing of bloody quicker which can become very painful.	none that I'm aware but it didn't always work when I used it. I'd no if it didn't work within 30 mins it wouldn't work at all. You can build up and immunity quite quickly to this drug which lessens the effectiveness of the drug	You take 200mg tablets twice a day for 3 days
"None, took Armour for 17 years, felt great.  New Dr. wouldn't prescribe Armour.

Finally am back on Armour 1 gram or .60mcg per day.  I feel like a new person in just 5 days.  More energy, more positive, sugar cravings stopped. Over all feel 100% better.  As far as I am concerned that Dr. took 6 years out of my life. New Female Dr. finally put me back on Armour.  It was unavailable for almost a year. I think it was all about money. Armour is less costly and moree effective."	Levoxyl did nothing for me. I felt flat. lack of energy and spirit.	"I took  mcg. of Levoxyl for 6 years after being on Armour Thyroid for 17 years.

Nodules grew back and did not feel like my self. Back on Armour for just 5 days and feel so much better. INSIST ON GETTING ARMOUR. FORGET LEVOXYL AND SYTHROID. THOSE DRUGS DID NOT WORK FOR ME."
osteoporosis stabilized in hip and osteopoenia stabilized in back	none known.    Always taken with a full glass of water and nothing else was consumed for a least 30 min.  There were no digestive problems even though I had long standing reflux.  I was also told to take a pepcid AC the night before to reduce acid reflux and increase absorption of the fosamax.  I think the Pepcid AC may have helped.	91.37 mg alendronate sodium taken once weekly with a full glass of water stabilized bone density, but did not increase bone density over a three year period.
The use of Prednisone before and during my vacation prevented the occurrence of the rash that I used to get due to sun exposure.  One year it did not totally prevent the rash and so the following year we increased the dosage.	None	I get Polymorphous Light Eruption (PMLE) each year when I go to Cancun on vacation in March.  It is a very painful, itchy rash (appears like a heat rash) which I get reagardless of sunblock usage.  This is apparently a fairly common condition in women of fair complexion (like me) who go to very sunny areas after a long period of no sun exposure.  It began happening when I was in my 20's and it took several years (and the Internet as well as a dermatologist) to diagnose what was happening.  Since then, the use of Predisone (beginning 4 days before my vacation and slowly decreasing the dosage over a period of 8 days) has prevented the rash and mad my vacations a success!
Relief of chronic nausea, indigestion, acidic feeling in throat	None - this is the last in a series of similar drugs that I tried and discontinued because of a variety of side effects. Protonix seems to be the one that I can tolerate. But I still occasionally get the bloat/overstuffed feeling.	Not sure what this means - I take a single dose in the AM and try to avoid trigger foods/beverages like chocolate and caffeine.
Immediately saw improvement in allergy symptoms, which eased asthma	None that I noticed	Initially, I took one tablet every night. I noticed that my allergy symptoms improved quickly. I could reduce my asthma inhalants as well, since it was improving with the reduction of my allergy symptoms. When the symptoms were alleviated, I took one tablet as needed, which was infrequently.
Thought to have allergies - not the case however FloNase works to clear the sinuses and prevent infections, works wonderfully!!	None at all.	After years of trying drugs to relieve what appeared to be allergies and sinus problems, a test was done on the pressure in the ear itself revealing defective Eustachean Tubes. FloNase was prescribed along with Claritin D (as needed) to keep any symptoms away as well as prevent patient's constant symptoms and painful infections.
My hair grew back (prior to treatment it was falling out in clumps) and my depression, weight gain, and exhaustion improved somewhat.	I experienced no discernible side effects.	Although this drug did alleviate my hair loss it only lessened my depression,  exhaustion, and weight gain. I still have difficulty with concentration and memory and experience "brain fog" every day. My endocrinologist says my dose is perfect based on my blood test results but my symptoms persist.
"I started taking Premarin after having a complete hysterectomy for ovarian cancer. f

At first, it took about a week to start feeling any effects on the severe hot flashes that I was feeling after being put into instant menopause. But gradually the dug started working and now my hot flashes and mood swings are practically non-existent."	None.	I started receiving Premarin 0.9 mg immediately after a complete hysterectomy. After it became effective, I was reduced to a dosage of 0.625 mg and it works just fine.
I had a nervous breakdown suddenly and unexpectedly.  After 1 week in the psych ward, I was prescribed 2 medications that I soon realized didn't help.  Over the course of 1 year, I tried many different combinations of anti-depresants which didn't work.  Not until I tried both wellbutrin and topomax together did I start recovering from my breakdown.  About 1 1/2 years ago I discontinued the Topomax and I've only used the Wellbutrin since it helps me maintain my health.	I didn't experience any side effects.	See above as that thoroughly explains everything.
Ritalin has saved my life from lethargy and procastination.  I can now focus and be productive.  I am participating in life now ... I wish I would have discovered this sooner.  But later is better than never, I am very grateful this drug exists.  It is not an amphetamine (which is good because I could get addicted to speed too easily), this does not amp me up, it makes me calm and inspired and focused, a HUGE change in my life.  I am actually enjoying being alive (which is saying a lot compared to where I was at before taking Ritalin)	absolutely none.	I started with 2.5 mg 3x a day and gradually increased the dosage, then to 5mg 3 x a day and now I am doing the best at 10 mg. 3 x a day.  I will stay here at 30mg. total for the day.  They say no more than 60mg. a day but I am happy with 30mg for now.
I had the drug initally offered to me by my dermatologist in sample tube years ago.  I found it very effective, despite only dabbing on the smallest amount due to only having small sample tube.  Yet despite quick clear-ups...I would occasionally have recurrances under my nose with the rash.  I have struggled with this rash for over 20 years.  With the last outbreak, while having minimal amounts left in the sample tube, I went in to my dermatologist and got a full prescription in about June of 2009.  Not only was I able to use a bit more in application this time, but it obviously was not an expired product.  I found the long-term rash hsf completely cleared up within less than a week.  While this was not new to me with this product, the fact that I have had no recurrance whatsoever in over four months is the great news.	Absolutely none	After washing my face with my long-term personal choice of face wash (Alpha Hydrox foaming face wash) and using a Strident sensitive skin cleaning pad, I would apply the Noritate cream sparingly over the rash under my nose at night.  (Note:  I did not use the tetracycline during this time, as I knew it was not an acne-related outbreak.)
During the ten years I've been taking acyclovir, I have experienced zero outbreaks, compared to almost continuous outbreaks prior to taking this drug. I occasionally have the achiness that precedes an outbreak, and have on two or three occasions taken an extra dose per day when I experience that symptom.	I have experienced no noticeable side effects during this ten year period on acyclovir.	I have no special treatment details except taking recommended dose on time and not skipping doses.
Extremely effective in reducing anxiety and depression. Makes you less self-conscious and able to go outside for walks, pass crowded patios without having to cross over to the other side of the street because you are affraid of being watched. Highly effective in reducing irritability and increasing patience. A lot less side effects than other anti-depressants. You do not feel drowsy or drugged. Neither do you get any stomach upsets.	Only side effect is that it is highly addictive. Was very hard to get off the treatment even when going down 1 mg per 2 weeks. Used the liquid for that. Could go cold turkey with all other anti-depressants but not this one. Once I went from 20 m/g per day to 15 m/g per day had to return back to initial starting dosage because my body went into extreme withdrawal.	Extremely effective in reducing anxiety and depression. Makes you less self-conscious and able to go outside for walks, pass crowded patios without having to cross over to the other side of the street because you are affraid of being watched. Highly effective in reducing irritability and increasing patience. A lot less side effects than other anti-depressants. You do not feel drowsy or drugged. Neither do you get any stomach upsets.
prevented unwanted pregnancy.  Regular menstrual cycles.	None for me.	I have friends who hated their birth control pills -- their pills made them feel bloated and fat.  I had none of those side effects while on TriPhasil/Trivora.  It's really simple -- just take one a day -- and pretty effective.  It worked for me for more than 10 years.  A bonus:  my menstrual cycles, which used to be somewhat irregular, became as predictable as clockwork.
Able to function and have a productive life. If I am very tired the medication is not effective.	headache for the 1st week. Slight nausea on days I do not eat regular Small meals.	Tried Aderol, once a day 5mg, for 3 weeeks . I had hallucinations and although awake, was very out of control.
It initially worked great to eliminate my heart burn.  But it is now requiring 2 doses per day.  I take the 2nd pill not for burn but for congestion that builds up in my throat.	So far I have had no side effects.  I have been taking Omeprazole every day for a couple of years.  Although I have been prone to exhaustion the past couple of years.  The doctor(s) all swear it can have nothing to do with the omeprazole.  I would quit using it to find out if my heartburn didn't return so quickly and severely.	Take one pill before breakfast and one in the evening.
Reduction or resolution of symptoms related to histamine release- variously sneezing, watery eyes, allergic rhinitis, wheeze (inhaled allergens), oral itching, severe abdominal cramping and diarrhoea ( ingested allergens ). I suffer from pollen allergy which has led to severe food allergies particularly to nuts. Zyrtec works quickly within 15-30 minutes and causes no increased drowsiness, probably decreases it. ( the allergy itself makes one quite tired ).	None.	"Take one in the morning for prohylaxis when travelling or during pollen season.

Take 2 for severe allergic reaction. Crush tablet between teeth and swallow to make it faster to absorb."
lower htn  lower blood pressure. no headaches felt good.  I dont know what else you want it is a good med. no problems at all	there were no side effects to the meds. really felt good after using, no side effects.  dont know what elase you want it is a good med.	take 1 a day. Take one a day in the am. that was it. felt good all day. How much more can i say you take one a day thats it.......
I was growing facial hair in a classic beard pattern.  Not heavy, but more was coming in.  Doc took a look at my testosterone levels and said they were too high. He told me to quit taking any DHEA and to take aldactone in the morning and in the evening before bed. I didn't know that Aldactone would counteract testosterone, but it does.  New facial hair quit coming in and there has been lessening of facial hair that was already there.	none, other than needing to drink more water	Pop a pill twice a day -- what could be easier?
Occasionally, my rosacea would come out on my nose and sometimes result in huge, painful pimples which also made my entire nose red and swollen. This started occurring bi-weekly for the past year or so. I started using Metrogel and haven't had an incident since!	none!	Just rubbed a thin layer over my nose every night before bed.
The chest pain went away almost immediately. I rarely had heartburn even when I ate spicey foods. Even though I still may have heartburn occasionally, the tightness of my chest and the frequent indigestion has almost completely disappeared. Before I had indigestion at random times during the day, which would cause unexpected chest pains.	I did not experience any side effects. Possibly because I did not the pills on an empty stomache.	My doctor asked me to take Nexium once a day until they were gone to see if the tightness in my check, the indigestion, and the heartburn could be cured by the pills. The tightness in the check and indigestion were not signs of heart problems as the doctor discovered. To date, the pills seemed to have worked.
Amazing! I take nothing but this vivelle dot and add a dab of progeserone cream (natural) and vitamins. I have never felt better!	Get tired and have brain fogg if I forget to change patch.	Change patch every Sunday morning and Thursday night. Make sure I get script filled day before I need it! I will stay on this forever! If you suffer from hormone problems such as hair loss where you want it, hair growth where you don't want it, mild hot flashes, brain fogg, tired beyond your normal tired, but don't sleep without taking something. Past the word crabby, and cry because a little old lady won a car on a game show...honey, get it pulled out and put the patch on and get your life back!:)
The IV form was effective in removing excess fluid. The oral form did not.	The oral form did not remove the fluid.	Patient received IV form in hospital and fluid came off quickly and effectively. Oral form, which she was sent home on, did not work and she ended up back in the hospital within 24 hours. One of the doctors later admitted that there was something about the oral form that caused it to be ineffective in certain situations.
"The first two days I took this drug the pain went away.  Then, the effectiveness declined rapidly.  I called my doctor and she increased the dosage to 100mg every 6 hours.  This helped for about two days, and then it was back to being ineffective.  



I think this is a rather weak way to manage daily pain associated with IC."	A little bit of nausea when the pill actually worked.  No side effects at all when the pill didn't work.	"My IC cocktail started to work after about a month and there wasn't much need for pain killers anymore so I just stopped taking Tramadol. 



In the future, when my IC would flare up, I requested no Tramadol and instead received Tylenol with Codiene.  It worked much better."
I used to break out with shingles and started taking the drug and the outbreaks stopped. After a year, I stopped taking it and whenever I feel like Im getting an outbreak, I take the drug for a few days and it goes away.  I barely get outbreaks anymore.	To my knowledge I had no side effects with the drug.	I just took the drug for a year twice a day.  Then stopped and just take it when I feel I am going to have an outbreak and after a few days, the symptoms dissapear and I dont get an outbreak.  This is great since the shingles outbreak were very painful and lasted a long time to go away.
Helped lower  blood pressure more then just using previous medications.	none	After using   lisinopril and  hydrochlorathiazide for many years  and not seeing blood pressure lower  quite enough  ,I pushed to see what else would help to relax  blood vessels to lower  blood pressure.Fianlly camup with Zorvasc.Treatment was a    sucess within days.
The benefit that was hoped for was a repigmentation of the skins on my hands.  Apparently my dermatologist had used this treatment on a number of patients and had received a good success rate.  I did not see any benefits over the time I used the product (3 months) but was advised that I needed to continue treatment.	There were no noticeable side effects that I was aware of.  The product is an ointment with a rather oily feel and needs to be left on the effected areas for some period of time so I applied it at night.  I did not find that it had any effect in any positive or negative way over the period I applied it.	I was asked by the prescribing doctor to apply the ointment once a day to the affected areas (the back of both of my hands).  This was the entire process and I was to report back to him within a period of approximately six months.  This was a rather experimental treatment.  I applied the product as instructed but did not notice any repigmentation during the time I applied it (around 3 months).  I subsequently was advised by the doctor that I needed to continue the application, for a total period of at least six months
Reduced acid in the stomach and heartburn symptoms associated with acid.	I didn't experience any side effects while taking this medication.	Took 1 40 mg tablet in the morning before my first meal and controlled the acid reflux symptoms and stomach aches. Then took 1 40 mg tablet before I went to bed to once again control those symptoms while sleeping for a 24 hour effect.
My total cholesterol level dropped from 282 to 150. The niaspan dropped my triglyceride level about 30 points!	The only side effects I had was from the Niaspan. I would get flushed and itchy (terribly uncomfortable). The doctor told me to take an aspirin (350mg) 30 minutes to an hour prior to taking the Niaspan. The aspirin worked well, I can take the Niaspan with no problems.	My treatment includes statin drugs and Niaspan because normal diet and exercise were not sufficient to keep my cholesterol level down. So, I take my medicine every night without fail, exercise at least 3X per week and I  incorporate more fruit and vegetables into my diet.
Induces a pleasant intense relaxation. Fall asleep easily but not feel super doped up or hungover in the morning. Prevents laboriously resetting body clock after an all night binge.	none	Taken usually after 2 am when it's pretty obvious I will be up all night if I don't and i can't afford to muck up my day by sleeping in! Taken just before retiring - enough time between swallowing the thing and the effects to safely brush teeth and get changed for bed, read a few pages of a book.
the product was supposed to control heartburn, but had very little affect, even after 14 days of use.	None	"When I first began having heartburn, my physician prescribed Prilosec D/R.  I hadI took if for several weeks, but it didn't seem to control the heartburn.



He then prescribed Ranitidine,300mg, which I took for several years with very good results.



When I was sent for an upper endoscopy, the performing doctor suggested I take Prilosec.  I tried it again, for a month, but I began having severe heartburn again.



Now I am taking Nexium, which works very well for me."
The benefits of using minoxidil was the halting of DHT buildup in the scalp around hair follicles. It also improved circulation to the scalp. This encouraged the recovery of thinning hair to become thicker and fuller. This halted hair loss and restored hair to cover up signs of male pattern baldness.	There were no observed side effects with the use of this product.	1mL Minoxidil was applied twice daily to the scalp until the entire dose and been absorbed. treatment was coupled with Low Light Laser Therapy - 650nm 5W lasers that served to biostimulate the scalp and help in the halting of the effects of DHT.
Complete relief from pain with one 100 mg tablet. Alleviated the sensitivity to light, noise and nausea. Symptoms would abate in one to two hours.	A little "fuzzy headed" until it took effect.	This is taken as needed. It works best to take at the onset of the migraine and not to wait to see if will go away.
The prickly heat would be cleared up over night. The itch would disappear within a few hours the bumps would loose all redness but would remain slightly raised for a couple of days	I had no side effects at all, but as i need to write 50 words it may also be worth noting that I had the positive effect of the painful Achilles tendon I had also disappeared after taking the tablets for 2 days	As soon as the prickly heat starts I had to take 6 tablets daily for a maximun of 10 days I have never had to take the tablets for more than 3 consecutive days
no more heartburn, was able to eat without experiencing any further heartburn or reflux. will take the product as a long term solution to acid reflux	none, experienced no noticable side effects or discomfort, no more reflux or heartburn was very happy with the ddrug will keep oj using it	nexium 20mg  before meals, at least 20 min before each meal. can be taken before all meals with no bad effects. has long lasting effects
I sometimes get hives or sinus type allergies.  When I take this anti-histamine I notice that it works quickly and is very effective for hours.  I never get sleepy like I do with most other over the counter anti-histamines.	I did not notice any side effects.	One small pill a day is all it takes to relieve my mild to moderate sinus allergies and occassional hives.
My anxiety when driving was lowered.	None	One day I was driving on a freeway (280, San Francisco Bay area) and felt like I was going to faint.  It was a clear day, not much traffic as it was the middle of the day and this freeway is more of a 'country' freeway than our main one, 101.  I pulled over to the shoulder so I could compose myself.  I felt like I was having a panic attack (which I had never had before but friends have) so I took deep, slow breaths to calm myself.  When I felt I was alright, I returned to the freeway but had to pull over once more before I reached home.  I have never been in an accident nor had this feeling before so could not rationalize what was happening. After it happened a few more times, I put paper bags in my car (for breathing) and started using side roads, where I had no problems.  When I went to my doctor, I told him about my anxiety and he prescribed Paxil for me.  I began taking it and, it took a while, though I wasn't ready to try the freeway right away, but it has definitely helped. I am now more willing to just get on the freeway.  I have not noticed any side effects from taking it or changes in my personality...I did not need it for depression or any other anxiety but freeway driving.
"Shortened time span of cold sore. 

Sometimes alleviating symptoms entirely."	None	If you take one pill as soon as you feel the tingle of a cold sore coming on, often it will not even appear at all. I know you might think, "Maybe there wasn't really one in the first place." But if you get cold sores regularly, you know. Sometimes if I couldn't get to the pills right away and a cold sore did appear, I would take a total of 4-5 pills in the course of the next 24 hours, and the sores would often be gone within 2 days instead of the usual 10. If you can't get to the pills within the first 24 hours, there is really not much good they can do after that, from my experience. This drug is kind of expensive--if I recall from before I had insurance, it was $50-75 for a bottle of Zovirax, but now they have a generic form so it is probably less. Regardless, this drug is worth its weight in gold.
temporary relief of reflux symptoms, but severe breakthroughs occasionally still happen.  Have been taking the med for over 4 years but without taking it the symtpoms are definitely worse.  The symptoms were, lump in throat, hoarseness, painful speaking, burning throat, burping, fluids coming back into mouth, pain in the center of the chest.	I have never noticed any side effects from taking the protonix.  I had read the list, but appear to be having no trouble. I have been taking the medication for over four years and am still taking the medication.  I only notice that when I think the reflux is under control and I stop taking it, my symptoms return with a vengence.	I have had the endoscope one time and on two different occasions had the tube inserted into my nose to check the vocal chords to diagnose why I lose my voice.  My regular every day treatment dose is one 40 mg pill, but have been told at two different times by two different doctors to double up on that for two months.  I notice improvement but once regular dosage is resumed the symptoms usually flare up.
You do not have to take this medicine with food and there is a much lower risk oh GI upset like you may experience with other antibiotics.	None	I took the Keflex after taking Augmentin for a week without results.  Also, being pregnant my OB/GYN felt more comfortable with me being on Keflex than Augmentin.  The treatment last longer than other antibiotics but seems to be more effective thus far.  No GI effects and no signs of yeast infection like a lot if women experience with antibiotics.
Symptoms were relieved quickly - within 5hrs of taking first dose.	I had no side effects, however the infection did not clear up.  I took all pills exactly as prescribed; finished last dose on Saturday and symptoms were back on Monday.	Perhaps should have been prescribed for longer and would have been more effective?
I had suffered from feeling tired all the time and my hair and skin seemed to be dull and dry.  I noticed a remarkable change in my energy level within just a short time ( 7-10 days).  Also the condition of my hair and skin seemed to improve.	I didn't notice any side effects.	I take the medication first thing in the morning, about 30 minutes to an hour before eating breakfast.
The child, who was 3 at a time had huge eczema spots on both arms and legs. No other treatment worked before we started Elocon. With it the spots cleared very soon after starting treatment.	none to report	Put a tiny doze on each eczema spot for a week and any time thereafter with a new outbreak, which Elocon cleared after 2-3 applications.
When I began treatment with Enbrel I had moderately severe rhuematoid arthritis with numerous inflamed joints and deformaties in small joints of hands and feet. I have been in remission for more than 2 years - no swollen joints, no progression of or new deformities and no morning fatigue.	None. There was a change in productdelivery to a weekly prefilled syringe. The preservative causes a stinging sensation at the injection site.	Weekly subcutaneous injection.
The treatment benefits from taking 300 milligrams of Bayer aspirin for headache pain were decreased pain. The positive effects for diminishing the pain were noticed in about half an hour to a full hour or so. The headache pain was nearly and sometimes even completely relieved with the Bayer. But, after a few hours or so, the pain would come back and I would have to take more of the drug.	No side effects were noticed.	The treatment would start as soon as pain was noticed. 300 milligrams of aspirin was taken for every headache episode.
Hot flashes were totally diminished.	None so far that I am aware of.	This product is a bio-identical cream rubbed onto the skin, containing 2.5 grams estradiol per package.  I was reluctant to take estrogen orally and this was a viable alternative.  The cream is rubbed into the thigh morning and evening for about 3 minutes.  Sunscreen is to be avoided in the area where the cream is applied since it can affect/prevent effective absorption.
In low doses, this drug does exactly what it says it does - reduces symptons of anxiety.  It is especially helpful for very anxiety-producing situations such as speaking in front of groups, flying, and going into crowded places.  The drug produces a feeling of being more relaxed, and in extremely high anxiety situations (flying), if I take the full dose of .5 mg, it will sleep and wake up with no residual effects.	Drowsiness, if I take the high end of the prescribed dose, but in this case, that's the desired effect.	I can take up to .5 mg / day as needed.  I usually take .25 mg to .5 mg / day.
The benefits of taking this medication have been that my blood pressure is kept in a safe range.  I did not experience any negative side effects from taking this medication.  The medication came in the form of a small white pill that is easy to swallow.  I would recommend this medication for regulating blood pressure.	I did not experience any.	I was prescribed to take the medication twice a day in the morning and at night.
Completely controlled swelling.	There appeared to be no side effects.	Her doctor originally had prescribed hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg per day for her fluid retention. This held it for 6 months, then it's effectiveness lessened. We didn't want to double the dose as we were concerned with potassium loss. Instead we used this combination formula, which adds in the potassium sparing triamterene. This medicine has held her swelling completely in check for more than 8 months. We have monitored her liver function and mineral levels, and haven't noticed any problems.
I have had a mild case of blackheads and pimples since I was a child.  Lifelong problem with breakouts and acute problem with rosacea was basically cured, or should I say controlled.  I must continue taking the drug to continue benefits.  If I stop, symptoms reoccur within 4-6 weeks.	None	Take pill with water once a day.  Don't take with calcium.
Texture of the skin has improved a lot by regularly going for peel sessions and by using the prescribed drugs which has to be used through out the treatment period.	The negative side is controlling acne during the treatment period is little tough as new skin appears , so one has to keep his face clean by having lots of water and constantly washing the face with the face wash solution prescribed.	The treatment is to improve the skin texture,complexion by constantly going for peels and derma-rollers once in 15days.The above mentioned medicine is prescribed to be used through out the treatment period.
Patient complaints prior to drug were menopause related. Inability to sleep, hot flashes, night sweats, lack of concentration (which may have been intensified by lack of sleep), loss of elasticity in the skin. Although the use of the patch has not helped improve my skin (I didn't expect it to) almost immediately sleep was restored, night sweats stopped, and concentration ability returned, although not as completely as pre-menopause.	"The package insert warns of serious side effects such as breast cancer, cancer of the uterus, stroke, heart attack, blood clots and dementia. I had been one determined to go through menopause without the use of any hormones. However, after trying every over the counter, holistic, and wives tale cure for 5 years with no success, I wanted RELIEF. After consulting every possible option, weighing the side effects of each one carefully, the CombiPatch was the one settled upon.  

    I am pleased to say I haven't had one side effect of the drug beyond a sticky spot left by the patch's adhesive. Granted, it has only been 6 months since beginning treatment but the benefits and quality of daily life restored have far outweighed the risks."	It is, to my understanding, the smallest dosage available at 50/250 and my doctor suggested I even try applying once, rather than twice per week to see if that was enough to handle my symptoms. It was. The patch is so easy. I only have to remember once per week to change it. And on the rare occasion I forget, the patch loses some of its stickiness and reminds me! Honestly, for any woman truly suffering from constant problems like mine and don't fall into a high risk category, I would wholeheartedly recommend the patch.
Synthroid replaces the thyroid hormones not manufactured by the body. When proper levels are achieved, the endocrine system operates as it should. Important to note that generic versions CAN NOT be substituted if patient is currently treated with name brand. Start on generic, stay on generic. Start on Synthroid, stay on Synthroid. This is common knowledge among endocrinologists and pharmacists, but your insurance company may interfere.	Provided annual blood tests are administered to check thyroid levels, there are no side effects and ensures healthy operation of endocrine system.	Treatment includes annual blood test to monitor thyroid levels, adjust dosage if necessary, and annual check-up with endocrinologist or internist.
It reduced 90% the swelling in the face over 2 days. On the 3rd morning, I did not take prednisolone but went back to see the doctor as I was afraid of side effects. The doctor agreed that it was ok to stop taking the medication.	None occurred while I took the medication for 2 mornings. However, it is known that prednisolone may cause osteoporosis, pigmentation, etc in the long run.	I was prescribed 30mg of prednisolone (6 tablets of 5mg each) every morning for 4 mornings. However, after taking 30mg for 2 mornings, the swelling in the face reduced by about 90%. On the 3rd morning, I did not take prednisolone but went back to see the doctor as I was afraid of side effects. The doctor agreed that it was ok to stop taking the medication.
BIO estrogen is the only prescription med I take. I'm in good health other than some pesky osteoarthritis in my finger joints and hips.  I eat pretty well and keep my weight within a healthy norm (fluctuates about 10 lbs over a year back and forth depending on how hard I try). Had good blood test results about a year ago - low blood pressure, everything within the normal range for my age.	The only side effects that I am aware of are the positive ones - keeping my skin from being overly dry, lack of menopausal symptoms (mostly). This patch has been a godsend for me, but I had my uterus removed in my 30s due to excessive bleeding, so I am not at risk for uterine cancer. There is no history of breast cancer in my immediate family (grandmothers/mother/sister)	Started out on a .1 mg patch and worked down to a .075 patch.... doc wanted me to go lower, but when I do I get some night sweats and can tell the difference so I am staying on the .075 = my hormone levels in my blood are normal for a woman my age on HRT.
I allowed my wrist pain to continue untreated by a physician for a month. With a brace and this medication it is improving. The greatest gift was that my chronic lower back pain has virtually disappeared!I have lived with constant low to medium grade pain (depending on activity level) for YEARS, and something takes that away...me body hasn't felt this "at ease" in years!I only pray that when my wrist is better and I insist on going to half strength, it will continue to ease my back pain.	None I can't live with!!!!!!!!! SLIGHT quizy stomach (and I have always taken it with food).	I am to go back to orthopedic surgeon in 2 weeks (I thought I had carpal tunnel- but it was arthritis). At that time hopefully my wrist will be better and I can lower dosage to 7 1/2mg.
Although Topamax is an anti-epileptic, which is more commonly perscribed for the treatment of migrains...it had a substancial benefit to my OCD symptoms.  It significantlly reduced my desire (or calling) to repeat (recheck, recount, retouch) items, which was a huge issue for me.  In the past, it would take me hours to complete the most mundane tasks, but with the Topamax, I can more easily "let go" of certain rituals and walk away feeling "complete" without having to repeat them countless times...	I experienced some mild loss of appetite early on, which graduly disappaited.	"I statrted on 50mg, than a week later went upto 100mg. I stayed on 100mg for about a year. It wasn't until a year later that I went up to 200mg and have been on this dose for over 2 years. I experience no side effects. My mind feels quiter and I feel freeer than I ever had in my life. I am not on any other medication nor am I seeking ""talk"" therapy for my OCD. The Topamax has been able to keep it at a tolerable level.



I also must note that in the way past I was on Prozax, Paxil, Celexa, Luvox, Valium, Xanax, Clozapam...all with little or no success."
The Naproxin has reduced the tendonitis pain enough to allow me to continue my work waitressing.	I haven't noticed any side effects.	I saw my MD for painful tendonitis I was feeling under the center of my foot and on through my big toe. Sometimes my toes would cramp up painfully. She prescribed the Naproxen and shoe insoles (called "Super Feet"). I've been taking the medication for a week and so far, it's been quite helpful, although I still experience moderate pain after working a shift (I waitress).
the drug worked usually by the second dose.  My daughter was up and around and feeling better immediatley it seemed.  It had no side effects that she ever had.  She could either take it on a full tomach or empty one.	There were no side effects that she ever had.	I woudl give her a pill 3 times daily.  She would take it right before school, right afterschool and then right before bedtime.  It was easy to swallow and didn't amke her tired or sleepy, so she was able to function at school.  It seemed to work tight away usually within the first day of treatment.  It was great!!
I have not noticed any benefits so far.  My weight has remaind the same.  The depression has not gotten noticeably better, and fatigue continues to be a problem.	I have not noticed any side effects thus far.  I've been on the Synthroid for only 4 weeks, so it may not yet be at its full effectiveness.  I've also just found out I should take it on an empty stomach and then wait an 30 min. to and hour prior to eating for it to be 100% effective.	I am taking the Synthroid to increase metabolism, stop weight gain, help with depression, and to reduce fatigue.  I have been complaining of chronic fatigue for 10 years, and the depression has been an issue for about the same length of time.  The weight gain has occurred within the last 3 years and was significant (for me) within the last two years.  My primary physician told me that my levels were within range; however, the NP I work for (a mental health nurse practitioner)reviewed the levels for depression and found the my levels were just below the norm, enough to make a difference.
No more painful debilitating monthly cycles, complete with life destroying rollercoaster like mood swings.  Seems to work great for people with these particular problems (my sister has amenorrhea and had a horrible reaction, the never ending monthly cycle).  For me it???s life altering.  I actually kept a job for 8 years instead of two months.  I can not imaging my life without taking the depot injection.  I only wish I could learn more about why this balance of hormones actually helped with what seemed to be a debilitating mental disorder, and could slight alterations help with my depression (which I had well before I ever took this drug)	I do not experience any side effects while on the depot, but if I do not take it on time, I have some mild side effects untill I recieve my injection.  I took the generic form for 6 months but noticed some undesireable changes to my mood (more anxious and irritable).  Despite the more favorable price I will never take the generic again.	One injection every three month.  Yearly exam and occasional bone density test.  I eat or supplement approximately 1,800 I.U. vitamin D and 1,500 mg calcium. Weight training at least 3x a week.
THE PILL WORKED VERY WELL WITH MY BODY. IT DIDN'T HAVE ANY SIDE EFFECTS ON ME LIKE SOME OTHER BIRTH CONTRACEPTION PILLS	I DID NOT HAVE ANY NOTICEABLE SIDE EFFECTS	TAKE THE PILL ONCE A DAY ABOUT THE SAME TIME FOR 28 DAYS AND THEN STOP TAKING IT FOR A WEEK TO START MY MENSTRUAL CYCLE.
Increased energy; I happened to be without the drug for one week, and felt absolutely terrible - like I was completely knocked down.	no side effects that i can remember.	The doctor ran a series of blood/chemical tests - thyroid, testosterone and DHEA levels. All were somewhat low, the synthroid in particular. We've started out with fairly low levels of each.
increased energy, depression gone	none	i was diagnosed with underactive thyroid in 1996.  i initially went to the doctors for swollen sinuses and being tired alot.  after testing me for underactive thyroid i was prescribed 25 mcg of synthroid.  the doctor then continued to increase the dose until i got to the appropriate level.  this took quite awhile, but i felt much better after the correct level was achieved.  my depression lifted and i had alot more energy.  overall i have been very pleased with Synthroid.
weight loss, increased energy, better outlook on life, decreased anxiety, no longer have panic attacks, no longer feel depressed and in general feel happy and more content with life. My energy level has sky rocketed and my ability to be mentally focused is much better. My TSH went from 6.29 to .6. My T3 and T4 uptake are within the normal ranges.	I did not have any treatment side effects.	I went in for a routine check up and mentioned feeling tired and anxious and asked if I could have my hormone levels checked. It turned out that I had hypothyroidism. I was given a choice of Synthroid or Armour thyroid. Based on everything that I had read I wanted to try the Armour. I started on 30 mg. and after about 6 months increased to 45 mg. Every 3-6 months I've had blood work and my TSH level has steadily dropped each time to my current level of .6. I feel better than I have in years. The difference in my mental outlook and energy is incredible. I also avoid soy products, products with fluoride and wait about 2 hours before eating after I take my medicine because I have read that doing these things are beneficial in making the treatment more effective.
Cleared up my acne and brightened my skin overall; slightly reduced fine lines.  Aside from acne, it seemed to help my skin in general.  This is by far the best acne treatment I've used.  Now I use it for overall skin appearance (not just for acne).	Thinning of skin leaves more sun sensitivity. Also, it cleared my acne, but didn't seem to "treat" it - if I stop using it, my acne comes back within a few weeks.	Very easy - simply applied a pea-sized amount every other night before bed.
It seemed to help with the joint inflamation. Some swelling of ankles was reduced and I didn't seem as achey. I tried several sample medications first like celebrex but I liked the Mobic best. I have not gone off of it since I started to really know if it makes a difference.	none	Took one 30mg tab a day.
Marked adjustment in level of depression within one month. Continued benefits through following years of usage.	No side effects were experienced.	Wellbutrin XL was used in conjunction with talk therapy to great effect. Dosage has been maintained over the years with frequency of talk therapy decreasing and alleviation of depression has been maintained.
normal thrombosin level within 6 weeks	none	1 pill every morning
My pain in my head was gone after 5 days of taking this medicine. I feel so much better right now. I would recommend this medicine other than Amoxicillin, or any other antibiotic.	I had no side effects. I feel so much better. But I will say that I still am getting sinus headaches. I dont think those will ever go away though.	4 pills per day, keflex. to treat sinusitis, tonsillitis, and my bad tooth ache. It got rid of all my infection..totally...
heartburn was usually decreased significately if not totally	none	I get heartburn caused more from my condition than from food. There were times that I had "breakthrough" heartburn even after using prevacid. I generally don't even use the prevacid now. I do try to not eat things that will cause heartburn but I still get heartburn often. I take the ranitidine often, but not every time I have heartburn. There are some times when I will take one or two Tums to get a jumpstart against the burning.
It lifted my depression without any noticeable side effects which I had experienced with every other anti-depressant I had taken.	None.	"I had been prescribed 300 mg which is a normal dosage, but fond it made me sleepless.  So after talking with my doctor, we agreed to let me try half the dosage.  I'm especially sensitive to medications and always feel overdosed at the 'standard' dosage. 

I've been taking Wellbutrin for the last 8 years and only recenyly felt the need to boost it up to 300 mg as the depression seemed to be inching up. It worked for me and I will maintain the 300 mg through the winter months. 

I think this is a wonderful drug, if nothing else works for you, give it a try."
i had become unable to drive any further than 1/2 mile to my job and no further without suffering serious anxiety attacks.  after a little over a week on the medication, i was able to drive in heavy traffic, and basically anywhere i needed to go.  my life has become my own again	none	i only had to start taking 1 tablet a day, and after a little over a week, i could definitely tell a difference.
Acid reflux ceased to exist when taking Prilosec.	I have had no side effects from Prilosec.	It's pill you take 20 minutes before eating breakfast.  It stops the acid from the stomach backing up into the esopogus.
This drug has done wonders to help me get the much needed rest I have needed.  Before I started taking this drug, I spent many nights not receiving the rest I needed.  I have not experienced any negative side effects of this drug.  It works quickly, within half an hour and I have been able to stay asleep throughout the night.	None	This drug is taken shortly before bedtime, as needed.
I experienced weight loss, improved insulin sensitivity, increased energy and decreased carbohydrate cravings during the course of the day.	I did not experience any side effects from taking this medication.  I did have an occasional problem with some abdominal pain but it was not significant and went away on its own.	I took 1 (one) 750 mg pill once a day taken in the morning.
It relaxed the spasm's in my back and neck, if not completely, at least  by 50-70 percent.  The best thing about this drug is that you can take it at work or during the day, and it does not make you drowsey or loopy.	I experienced no side effects, other then the expected outcome, which was releif of the muscle spasam.	I take this drug only as needed, when my back or neck feels tight or in spasam.  It is perfect for the weekend warrior, or someone who has occassional muscle soreness and tightness.
Less fatigue, less weight unaccountable weight gain, less hair fall-out.	None	The only difficulty taking this is that one has to wait thirty minutes before eating or drinking in the morning.  Therefore I take it upon first waking up - immediately.  Or sometimes I take it and go back to bed if I am awake early.
Within a few weeks of starting, my pressure was under control and has remained that way for over 5 years.	I had no side effects that I noticed.	I was diagnosed with high blood pressure (145/90) over 10 years ago, a few years after experiencing early menopause. Severe headaches were also commmon. First treatment: dietary changes and increasing daily exercise--not adequate; in fact, it increased. I was prescribed Cozaar, 50 mg/day, with the reminder that the first dosage tried was rarely the correct one. In my case, it was and I get checked now every 6 months. My blood pressure stays around 118/70 range.
I have found Valium to be a godsend. It helps stave off migraine attacks, it helps me get to sleep when I have insomnia, and it relaxes  the muscles in my back when I get spasms. I use it sparingly, only when I really need it, (about 2-3 times a week ) and I have not found it to be addictive at all. I actually find it to be relatively mild, and I think it's over-regulated.	I don't have any side effects from taking it.	My migraine attacks are directly related to muscle spasms that occur in my lower intestine. My doctor called it an "abdominal migraine." If I take a Valium when I feel a migraine coming on, it often goes away without having to take a Maxalt. I've had a mastectomy, chemo & radiation, and have been through a lot of anxiety, but I don't rely on Valium as an anti-anxiety drug. I'd be eating them like candy if I did, and then I probably would get addicted. I think Valium should be considered more of a muscle relaxant. That's how I use it, anyway.
My blood pressure readings have improved.	There were no side effects. I have tolerated the drug very well.	I have taken this drug daily for three years for hypertension in combination with Lotrel. My blood pressure readings have dropped from 160/120 to 120/80. The drug has been effective and well-tolerated.
Patient had tried Synthroid, and one other with Iodine which I cannot remember name of(came from pigs). I however did not ever feel any different or better from taking. Was looking to increse energy levels so tried Levothyroxine.	Synthroid OK, no side effects, the other one(made from pig hormone), my OBGYN advised not to take, said was "gross" and recommended Levothyroxine; been on ever since.	Treatment is once a day, by mouth in the morning before ingesting any food.
I felt less anxiety and fewer down moods.	none.  I had hoped to have the side effect of weight loss but didn't.  I didn't notice a reduction in libido as my husband did when he took Paxil.	I was depressed and had a lot of nightmares and prozac reduced both of these problems.  I have been taking the same dosage for nearly 20 years now.
Ever since I was littel I would use albuterol at night about once a week when needed because my breathing was so bad.  Ever since I've been on advair, I no longer need albuterol.  My breathing is stronger according to doctors and I enjoy exercise without having breathing complications.	There are no negative side effects that I know of.	In the morning I crush a pill and breath it in through the mouth peice.  This is done at night as well.  I continue to do this everyday day for about 5 years now.
Deeper/more restful sleep........overall feeling of wellbeing.......minimized hot flashes	none	I am taking this supplement along with bio identical hormone pellets inserted in my hip 3 times a year.  All menapousal symptoms are gone, including headaches, hot flashes (every hour on the hour),memory loss and general foggyness, lack of energy, dry skin, just to name a few.  I feel more alive and have a greater sense "of purpose" than I have had for 10 years.
Cialis taken as prescribed. Had immediate postitive effect as promised, strong, long-lasting erection. Intercourse possible for long period of time- approx 2 days. Had no side-effects at all. Am very satisfied and recommend.	No side effects at all. No headache, gastro-intestinal disturbances or other.	Took tadalafil 20 mg in the evening after meal. Had erection approx 30 min later. Erection lasted for 2 days- had never experienced such long-lasting erection.
benefits included stopping hot flashes,night sweats, hair loss, and it made my skin more supple and much less dry.	there were no bad side effects at all with this medication I have been thoroughly pleased with it, i did notice being a bit more thirsty but not really bad enough to speak of or lis as a side effect	my treatment consisted of taking one pill per day
this was the only ointment that improved my psoriasis.  I applied the ointment to my patches of psoriasis and felt immediate relief of the burning and itching associated with psoriasis	none at this time.	apply ointment to areas of skin before bed - use sparingly a small dab rubbed into the scales works wonders
Never had a problem falling asleep but would wake to early and Trazodone makes me sleep thru the night without waking early and after 7 to 9 hours of sleep I feel fine in the morning. Wonder drug where I've never had to increase the dosage for same effect over 18 years.	Annoyance of having to call doctor for refills and go to pharmacy for 18 years	75mg. before bedtime and I sleet thru the night every night for 18 years. Once in a while I would forget to take it and not know that until I woke early and concerned why it was'nt working that night, but next morning I would see the 1/2 pill still on the table with a glass of water. To me it was the best unintended test of whether I still needed it, I did.
it gave me back my life. Since taking this my brain chemicals are balanced. Several times I have tapered down and twice, off, and the effects have been terrible. For me, I have a depression that cycles me into such a deep dark place that it is terrifying. I was suicidal and had great despair. THe only thing that changed was taking this medication. I know it does't work for everyone but for me, it waas and continues to be a lifesaver. I am very very thankful everyday.	It takes a few weeks for your brain to become right. I would have a flash of vertigo now and then, but that's it. Nothing else.My body is obviously not able to make the amount of seritonin required. It is genetic.	"I began on the tiniest amount, 50 mg. once a day. It was not at all effective. I was upped to 100 mg. daily and that made a difference. Afer about 6 months, at my request, the dosage was upped to 150mg. daily. This held me for 7 years. Then I crashed again. The doctor upped it to 200 mg., taking 150mg in the morning and 50mg at bedtime. This has worked for me for many years. 

Once you pull out of a depression, which is a very physical thing for me, and you can experience a life that is not defined by how gray to black it is, it is humbling. I can now experience tasting food, having a sex life, feeling joy, and actually bound out of bed. My energy is normal. 

Anyone who claims that they pop antidepressants for kicks as if they were uppers or downers has got to be making it up. If you have ever experienced true clinical level depression and then had the gift of taking this medication and for the first time really having a life like everybody else,  you would never ever abuse it. It is so precious to feel normal for the first time. I will take this medication for the rest of my life.

This must be how it is for people who take insulin. It's about getting your personal body chemistry righted."
Urinary frequency and urgency have been substantially reduced; I have a vastly improved lifestyle because these problems no longer inhibit my activities.	I experienced mild constipation in the beginning but because I eat a vegetarian diet I have been able to manage this side effect easily by increasing dietary fiber.  No other measures have been necessary.	My gynecologist changed me to Vesicare when I complained about side effects from the previous Rx I was on for overactive bladder.  (These were dry mouth and constipation.)  After beginning to take Vesicare daily, I noticed an immediate improvement, i.e., sharp decrease in the negative side effects.  I plan to continue the use of Vesicare because there seem to be no prohibitions to its long term use.  It may also possibly postpone surgical repair of the pelvic prolapse.
Blood tests taken after 3 months showed reduced choloesterol, LDL and increased HDL My initial levels were not terribly elevated but are now totally normal. When I tried going off the medication for a few months my cholesterol went up again. I then returned to taking the pills. I watch my diet carefully and take omega 3 but it has not lowered my cholesterol sufficiently.	There were no side effects that I am aware of. My husband has now also begun treatment after trying diet only.	When first given the simvastatin, my doctor had me take it only every other day and after 2-3 months my blood tests were fine. Later, when I moved and changed doctors, I was told that one cannot take it any less than daily and so that is what I now do. At first I also took the pill in the morning as no one informed me that it is best taken in the evening. There seems no difference in effectiveness.
serum cholesterol lowered from 320 (combined ldl and hdl) to 188 after six months of initiated treatment.  Cholesterol levels high due to genetic predisposition.  Patient is petite (5'1" and 110lbs) and physically active.	none	Treatment consists of one 10mg dose of lipitor taken just before retiring at night.  Blood tests every six months to ensure liver health is unaffected.
i used the drug for acne. after 2 weeks of use i noticed fewer pimples with lessening severity. after 1 month all pimples were gone.	i used the drug for acne. after 2 weeks of use i noticed fewer pimples with lessening severity. after 1 month all pimples were gone. i did not notice any side effects.	i used the drug for acne. after 2 weeks of use i noticed fewer pimples with lessening severity. after 1 month all pimples were gone. i did not notice any side effects. i applied the gel every evening before bed.
increased energy (moderate), weight stabilized	none noted	perimenopausal symptoms initiated this prescription.  Medication benefit seemed small, but just enough to balance me out.  I haven't needed to increase since I started.  Thyroid tests always show me with a "perfect" level since I've been taking it.  I'm very drug sensitive and have noticed no side effects.  The only drawback is having to wait 1/2 hour after taking before I can eat each day.  Other than that, it's great - it's even inexpensive to buy!
THE BENEFITS WERE NONE.  HOWEVER, IT DID NOT CAUSE ME ANY DIFFICULTIES OR SIDE EFFECTS.  I APPROVED OF THE IDEA OF TAKING THE MEDICATION TO REDUCE MY GENERAL LOW LEVEL ANXIETY AS AN ADDITIONAL TREATMENT TO LOWERING MY HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE. BUT I EXPERIENCED NO IMPROVEMENTS AT THIS DOSE.	THE IDEA WAS TO HELP WITH ANXIETY AS AN AID TO LOWER MY BLOOD PRESSURE.  HOWEVER, NEITHER MY BLOOD PRESSURE, WITH ANOTHER MEDICATION, OR THE LEVEL OF ANXIETY WAS REDUCED.  THE LORAZEPAM WAS STOPPED AFTER A WEEK WHEN I COMPLAINED OF INEFFECTIVENESS. I DID NOT EXPERIENCE ANY SIDE EFFECTS WITH THIS MEDICATION.	I WAS TO TAKE THIS MEDICATION ONCE A DAY IN THE MORNING.  WHEN I FELT NO BENEFIT I DISCUSSED IT WITH THE DOCTOR WHO SUGGESTED AN INCREASE OF THE DOSAGE.  I DECLINED.  THE TREATMENT THEORY WAS THAT THE LORAZEPAM WOULD HELP ME WITH ANXIETY AND STRESS WHICH IN TURN WOULD BE AN AID IN ADDITION WITH THE BLOOD PRESSURE MEDICATION TO LOWER MY BLOOD PRESSURE.
The treatment benefits include less shakiness, stable mood, calm stomach and overall stability.	I have not noticed any side effects. I have noticed that if I am inconsistent with taking the medication regularly I will feel anxious or moody. If I drink alcohol the medication does not seem to counteract the anxiety.	After the birth of my daughter I suffered from what seemed like acute anxiety attacks. Coupled with my unpredictable mood cycle and my inability to control my emotions my doctor recommended 10mg of Lexapro daily combined with talk therapy.
This took all my depression. I fought suicide constantly, read self help books, went to therapy, etc. I took this pill and noticed suicide never ever crossed my mind. In fact, I felt normal for the first time in my life. I was diagnosed with kidney cancer shortly after and a biopsy from hell that has made me almost homebound and terribly disabled. Yet, I don't have depression. I have every other emotion. I definitely learned quick that sadness is NOT depression.	Unfortunately the last month, I feel very nervous. Now, it hurts me to focus on anything visually. I can't describe it but it's like the nerves in my brain. I hear this sound in my head like a car idle with an ocean wave. If I breath very deep less than a minute it goes away. Since they destroyed my lungs in that biopsy; I don't know if it is nerves or oxygen causing that. I know the vision and nervousness is nerves most definitely. I think I may be developing side effects from Lamictal.	I'm not for sure about the side effects. I sure hate the thought of life without  Lamictal!I am really suspecting it, though.
Allergy symptoms subsided fairly quickly.	There were no detectable side effects.	Allergy was caused by exposure to multiple cats in the household in which patient lived. The first year or two the patient had to take pills every day due to severity of allergy symptoms, which included runny nose, sneezing, red, watery eyes. Later, when the patient moved to a place without carpeting and with build-in humidifier (same number of cats -3) the outbursts of allergy diminished. Now she takes one pill on a as needed basis, which is approximately 2-3 times a month.
Totally stopped my allergy symptoms during the fall and spring	I experienced no side effects at all	swallow one pill each morning on an empty stomach during the early fall and late spring
stopped symptoms within 1-2 days	none	took cipro 500 mg twice daily for 7 days
"decreased anxiety

less insomnia"	none	one pill three times daily, including at beditime to facilitate sleep
significantly improved dryness of eyes	none	Have had chronically dry eyes for years. Regular eye drops helped temporarily (but blurred vision). Also had Herrick plugs, which seemded to help for awhile. Then doc finally recommended Restasis, and eyes have become much less dry. Very pleased with the results of the treatment.
suppose to stop my watery eyes. Had little or no effect	no side effects	I was to take it twice a day, which I did. It was suppose to work for hayfever, watery eyes. With a severe hayfever attack the pills were of no value or effect.  The pills don't stop the eyes from watering.
smoother skin	dryness	I used Retin A Micro every other day for several months then began using every night.  I noticed a small difference in skin smoothness but my skin was very dry.  I began using it with Revale Skin which is made from the Coffeeberry and noticed that my skin was much more hydrated and my fine lines and wrinkles began to improve.  The Revale helped me tolerate the Retin A and kept my skin hydrated. I have noticed that my sun spots are slightly lighter now.
This medication provided me with total relief from heartburn. It is normally taken  daily, 1/2 hour before breakfast.	There were no sside effects.	This generic version of Prilosec OTC can be taken daily  on a long term basis to prevent/control the symptoms of acid reflux. It is very easy to remember to take it, as it is normally taken at the same time every day-- before breakfast.
reduced the intensity of the pain and allowed for rest to recuperate	I had no queasiness or nausea, no jittery feelings. No hives.	"I had severe diverticulitis with a kidney infection. I was hospitalized for a week and taking antibiotics and pain medication for two weeks after my release. Of course in the hospital morphine was administered for the pain management, but hydrocodone/acetaminophen was prescribed upon my release. I took the 10/500 which was more cost effective because I was able to break them in half to be less damaging to the kidneys and liver.

I have taken other pain medication which gave me hives, made me have nausea or become jittery.  I had no side effects from taking this medication or addictive desires to continue it after the infection was cleared up."
Reduce the osteoporosis	None	Take one pill each week, the first thing in t he morning, You must be able to stay up for at least 30 minutes after taking the pill, and you cannot eat or drink anything besides water within 30 minutes of  taking a pill, and then you must eat before lying down.
It seemed to stabilize my metabolism.	I didn't seem to see any and was frequently not sure if I was actually getting the right dose.  It took about 3 years to get the current dose right.  And since that time I haven't changed it.  I have found out that the dosage I am taking is the very least amount I can take and still take thyroid medicine.	I take one thyroid pill a day.  I did originally take Synthyroid, but changed to the generic brand about 5 years ago to save on total costs.  Since I have been on generic brands, the shape of the pill has changed.  Also, so has the directions on taking it.  Now I can hardly take it and have it be effective, because I have to take the pill on an empty stomach, with a full glass of water, in the morning, and I can't have anything that might interfere with its absorption for 4 hours -- such as food, vitamins, or any other medicine.  So I do not know if it is effective or not, since I would have to try and take it in the middle of the night.  I am not going to do that, so I take it at night before going to sleep --- without a full glass of water.
Periods became lighter and more regular, acne lessened as well.	None.	I took the pill every morning for five years.
Total resolution of "globus" feeling in throat that was causing difficulty with singing and swallowing.  Also, resolution of sore throat and hoarse voice that I had waked up with for many years.	none that I notice, however, there is a study out that indicates that people over 50 who take proton pump inhibitors are more likely to develop osteoporosis.  I was diagnosed with osteopenia in my late forties, even though I take calcium and exercise.  Then again, I weigh 98 pounds and am very small boned and caucasian so I dont know if the nexium had anything to do with it.	I take a purple pill every morning....that is about it!
quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief. quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief. quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief. quick relief, quick relief, quick relief	none	how?
I have been SUFFERING with pain almost every day of my life since I went to the dentist and my TMJ was diagnosed. I couldn't find anything to help me with the pain and found this medical condition debilitating. Insurance won't pay for specialists and/or treatments for this condition. My PCP gave me a prescription for this medication and it so far has really really helped the pain. I take it twice a day with a meal (Very important) and the pain level has decreased so much! I know everyone's condition effects them differently but after trying over the counter medications as well as Pain medication prescribed by my PCP this has been the most helpful so far. Thank you Meloxicam!	I have experienced no side effects. I feel a little different at times - more relaxed than anything since it helps with my pain. No problems but you MUST eat when taking this medication I was told since ulcers are common if the medication is not taken correctly.	1 7.5MG pill two times daily with a meal
Lessened frequency of urination and burning sensation	None	Simply took the macrobid capsules as prescribed and did not notice any negative effects. Infection was eliminated according to subsequent urine cultures. The only possible side effect noted was stomach upset, if the medication is taken on a completely empty stomach. Discoloration of urine while taking the medication may also be observed.
The crown of my head was almost totally bald at age 54 and the remaining hair very thin.  The front of my head was transplanted.  If you looked at me in the daylight, you would say that I had a "balding problem" and of course with the transplants I looked strange  After 6 months, it totally covered my crown and increased the texture of the remaining hair to a coarser density.  All of the fine hairs which were dormant came back with stronger and previous-strength follicles.  The transplanted hair on the top also became coarser.  Except in a very strong light looking directly down on the top of my head, now no one would say I was bald or even "thinning."  I am totally amazed with this product at age 55 and should have started taking it at 25.	None.  No change in sex drive.  Far less ejaculate than before however age 55 might have something to do with that.	1 mg per day and that was it.
I benefited by being able to breathe better.  My nose cleared up, my sinuses didn't hurt as bad, and my chest was looser. I didn't feel confined in my house.	The side effects were sometimes being tired.  It really didn't affect my day to much, except that I felt better.	I took one pill first thing in the morning.  Within a couple hours, I forgot how rotten i was feeling earlier.  12 hours later, i took another pill. I really could have skipped it, but wanted to help my self sleep better.  So that night I slept the best I have slept in 2 weeks.
I tried all the popular medical treatments for hypothyroid including synthroid; combinations of T3 and T4; etc. etc.  Either these treatments were ineffective (i.e. would raise my THS but leave me feeling fatigued) or would leave my heart racing. Armour thyroid was the only effective treatment	no treatment side effect for armour until last year when the pharma company decided to change the so called inert ingredients. My TSH jumped from 1.75 to 5.3 after 6 months on the new formulation.	Sadly I have been searching for other hypothyroid meds that will regulate my thyroid and leave me feeling well. (I am an athlete and would like to continue to compete) I'm currently trying a compounded glandular thyroid product which is time released. I'm not entirely happy with the result, but perhaps after I continue with dosage adjustments I will be.
Yes, I had taken Prozac for fourteen to fifteen years for the treatment of depession and experienced a loss of sexual desire. I tried the Wellbutrin XL in the hopes that it would not produce this side effect starting about 18 months ago. The Wellbutrin XL does not have this side effect in my experience.	I have not noticed side effects. I was hoping that a good side effect would be that it would help me quit smoking. It hasn't.	I don't have any details. Have thought about asking my doctor to up the dosage when I was having a bout of feeling "down" but it passed and I didn't.
"Noticed a quick increase, and then a complete decrease in hair shedding. Perhaps after the 1st week I thought my hair loss increased, then it's like the hair that remained all strengthened, and then, the small hairs that shed started up new growth. I did not notice any viable new growth at the temple region, but the vertex and high forehead areas seem to be thicker and younger and better hairs then I had 6 months ago. 



I look forward to a 2 year review!"	"I've noticed an increase in sexual desire over this period. I find that I need to have sex at least daily, and or masturbate at least once a day to simply feel relieved and sexually relaxed. My doctor has reported that she has seen this reported more often then the 'common' side effects reported. 



In addition to my findings I find my Semen while in greater quantity during orgasm seems to be thinner after ejaculation."	"Took one pill orally in 1mg form, generic - daily for 6 months. (Am still taking....) 



At the 6 month mark I've certainly not lost more, the hair looks thicker, and longer. 



I do need to admit that I'm also using Nisim shampoo. Which has a clinical study reported to be successful. While it only has one ingredient which is thought to regrow hair, Saw palmetto , it's clinical trial after 5 months saw over 80 percent of men regrow hair. It's a stimulant that appears to work, while the shampoo appears to thicken hair. I think it is working in conjunction with propecia to restore my hair."
Overall, the benefits have been very good.  A rescue inhaler hasn't been used in more than a year, nor has there been a severe asthma attack.  During the period there may have been three incidences where it seemed like an attack was coming on (curing exertion and cold, damp weather) but simply a better environment and a couple of cups of coffee warded it off.  There are times of wheezy, heavy-chestedness, but these are minimal in comparison to prior to taking Advair.	Wallet shock.  Patient seems to overall fall asleep easier, but tends to have some problems getting a deep sleep, but this may or may not be related to the Advair.  Other than that, there do not seem to be any adverse side effects  -- casually or medically -- after about 1-1/2 years of taking the medication.	The patient developed asthma four years ago.  It was controlled on an 'attack' basis, generally with an OTC inhaler.  When most OTC inhalers were taken off the market prior to reformulation, and a severe asthma attack, a prescription inhaler was prescribed, but it was being used more often than should, and did not alleviate the problems.  After a thorough examination, the doctor prescribed Advair, as directed with two puffs/inhales daily, morning and evening (at least 8 hours apart).  The patient is examined/tested every three months prior to refilling prescription to ensure there are no side-effects or adverse reactions.
I am taking Lipitor to lower my cholesterol level.  It did lower it by a few points. I am taking it more as a preventative medicine.	I didn't have any side effects so none that I am aware of.	I am taking one 10 mg pill once a day for the past three years not only to lower my cholesterol level but also as a preventative medicine.
the inflammation and redness around chin area was almost entirely cured, the skin was softer and smoother.	none in my case	after applying the cream over breakout or redness at night before bed there was visible improvement over night, after a week of using the cream the breakouts were gone, skin was healed after 2 weeks.
The treatment completely cleared up the rash on my hands, usually in just a few days. Since it was a foam I could apply it easily and there was no residue.	Upon the first few applications there was a slight burning sensation. This quickly went away.	I would squeeze a small amount of the foam onto my hands and then rub them together, working the medicine into my skin and leave it on.
The treatment benefits of taking Synthroid have everything to do with metabolism regulation.  Because I had thyroid cancer the entire thyroid was removed.  Since thyroid hormone keeps the body running at optimum speed, it is now essential for me to take medication that will accomplish what my body is no longer capable of doing on its own.	There have been no treatment side effects for me thus far.	Treatment consists simply of taking a 100 mcg Synthroid pill each morning.  This should be taken on an empty stomach and no food should be taken for one full hour.  It is also important not to take any calcium supplement for four hours after taking Synthroid.  Calcium interferes with the body's ability to effectively utilize the Synthroid.
the treatment eased pain very efficiently. I had no pain all day after just 3 pills. besides, I did not feel numb or anything, only the pain went away.	none obvious that I could feel, at least in the short term. not sure about long term side effects. but I'm not taking this drug for too long or dependent on it so guess it won't be a problem.	I had a toothache and went to the doctor who prescribed this drug to me. it was very effective and no side effect, at least not on me. after a day, my toothache went away.
I saw a large improvement in my skin which had become very dry and flaky on my legs and also on my face.  I have a blood test every year and after the initial experimenting with the dosage which started at .50 my thyroid levels are normal.	There are no side effects that I have noticed.	I was surprised when informed by my doctor that my thyroid level was low.  I didn't associate increased dry skin and perhaps slowing down a bit to thyroid levels.  Although, after talking about it I realized it ran in my family.  My mother and brother were also on thyroid medication.
I have seasonal allergies and especially in the spring and fall, my eyes itch and get dry. These drops contain anti-histamines that are delivered directly into the eye, and therefore are more effective than just using anti-histamine pills. I think they also helped with the eczema-like flaking on my eyelids but I cannot be sure because I was also using anti-histamine pills at the time.	I did not experience any side effects.	These drops really helped with the symptoms but I did wish I could use it more often than just 2 times a day.
"it cleared most of my acne and i had no sideffects at all!!!

i drank allot of water that migth explain why there were no side effects"	no side effects	"when i first started taking the medicin, i had very severe acne. the change in my condition was notisible after about 1.5 months and after 4 months i had mostley red marks who were left after the pimpels. 

today I still have some acne and once at a while a big pimple pops out, but i am satisfied because the proces was very easy and as i sed i had no side effects."
I have been taking this treatment for 4 years and the goal is to prevent any more bone loss and possibly to improve it. Combined with weight bearing exercise supposedly my bone loss will change.  I had a test a year after I started taking fosamex and there was slight improvement; I have not had another test since. I will be due for a test my next annual obg visit.	none	once a week with water no food,drink or reclining for 30 minutes
Full control of my periods and on this medicine I have only four periods per year.  There's occasional spooting, but I LOVE not having monthly periods.	occ spotting and tendency to develop melasma, which are pigmented areas on the face, exacerbated by sun exposure.  These are easily covered with make up or Retin A or other meds can fade them.  Most women don't get these.	You take like birth control pills except that you're taking the med for three months before stopping for a period.
pregnancy avoidance, worked perfectly, did not get pregnant until stopped taking the meidaction, then 3 months later conceived	none - no apparent side effects whatsoever. periods were normal when on inert pills. Periods came like clockwork	basic - took nordette before and after bearing children. switched to mirena iud after child bearing years
Reduced cholesterol levels after approximately four months.  Have been taking the medication for approximately forty eight months on a regular daily basis.	There were no side effects.  Annual liver function and lipid tests are required by the physician.	As stated above, initial blood tests to determine cholesterol levels. Then was put on a maintenance dose of the Lipitor and I have been taking it for approximately forty eight months.  No side effects.  Annual blood test to determine if there are negative effects on the liver functions.
"gloom and doom" was eliminated, feeling as if I didn't even have energy to life an arm was eliminated.	none	My MD took me off Synthroid, which after 18 years of using, had quit working for me.  Started Armour, and my symptoms which had developed the past several months disappeared.
After taking zirtek I no longer suffer from my horrible symptoms of my allergic rhinitis if i miss a tablet the symptoms are back almost immediately but after taking zirtek after an hour my symptoms almost dissappear. I now sleep better as MY symptoms usually worsen at night and i can visit friends and family with pets now. Before zirtek I couldn't as I have severe reaction to fur.	I have had no side effects from taking zirtek.	I take 1 10mg tablet every morning.
Didn't really see any improvements but not sure if I am applying correct amount.	Some dry skin and flaking, which made make-up application difficult.  Tried to exfoliate to which gave some improvement. Also, skin sensitivity after the initial peel of skin.  Not sure if I will continue to use this product as I cannot see any improvement to fine lines.	Daily application caused some irritation, so started to use is twice as week.  Not sure if this is why I have seen little improvement.
Prior to taking the Amoxicillin I was in a lot of discomfort including tightness in the chest, fever, painful cough and difficulty in breathing. This meant that I was not able to work and had to stay in bed. The effects of the Amoxicillin was almost immediate in that within two hours of taking the drug many of they symptoms had diminished considerably; in particular, breathing was no longer difficult or painful and the fever was reduced. Due to the rapid improvement of my condition following the first few doses of Amoxicillin I was able to return to work almost immediately.	There were no noticable side effects.  For the seven day period that I was taking the Amoxicillin caplets I did not feel 'normal' in that I felt light headed and somewhat disconnected.  However, I was still coughing with the chest infection and it was difficult to tell how much of what I was feeling was due to the infection and its after-effects and how much was due to the Amoxicillin.  My own perception was that the Amoxicillin had no noticable side-effects.	I was prescribed 21 Amoxicillin caplets which were 500mg per dose.  I was instructed to take the medicine at regularly spaced intervals and to complete the prescribed course.  I therefore took one caplet at breakfast at around 8am, one caplet after lunch at around 3pm and one caplet in the evening at around 10pm.  I was not advised to take the Amoxicillin caplets with food and, apart from the first daily dose, the times I took the caplets did not coincide with meals. I swallowed the caplets with water as advised.
Incidents reduced from daily to maybe every 6 to 8 weeks.  If I missed my dose however by hour 14 I would start to break out.  This would indicate to me that the histamine levels are ever present and the histamine blocker is what is keeping their ill effects at bay.  I have however discovered that recently my pharmacy changed their generic manufacturer and the new version is very ineffective.  I've had 5+ severe breakouts in 3 months	Virtually none.  Not drowsiness, not upset stomach, no nothing.  Just don't miss your dose.	take one at 7 am when I wake up, the other at 7pm after supper.
Eliminated the irregular heart beat as well as the occasional heart racing in addition to controlling the blood pressure.  Initially started taking while on birth control and having stress sytems of a racing heart beat.	Initially tired more than normal but tiredness subsided in a few days	take daily in the morning
This medication, in combination with a diuretic, worked to lower my high blood pressure.	I had no side effects.  I especially liked this drug, because previously, I had been taking a beta-blocker, which lowered my heart rate and made cardiovascular exercise using heart rate training impossible.	Took in combination with diuretic, hydrochlorothyzide
better mental acumen, energy,hair texture,better physical endurance and strength	I would not term the effects as negative side effects, nor would I say they the effects were as beneficial as I expected them to be. 10 years later and I am still suffering the same symptoms, though not as severe. I have had a very difficult time getting traditional Dr.s to look beyond the Thyroid and to realize that for a woman it becomes a package deal. Once you hit menopause and the chemical balance shifts it is not enough to look at one part of the body and blame that for all your symptoms. I was NEVER sick as a child or young adult. I never had female problems, but once menopause set in my body went haywire. I KNOW, in speaking with women my own age,that I am not an isolated case. Thyroid disease is more prevalent than ever and this drug does not cut it for some patients.	One pill every morning 1 hour before breakfast. Just recently instructions have included not taking vitamins with Calcium 2 hrs after the pill, but this has not made a difference.
Nexium does help in controlling reflux, but I haven't gone without it in so long that I don't know how my reflux would do on its own.  It isn't a complete fix.  I can't blame the drug for this, but it doesn't help at all if I drink caffeine.	No known side effect	I take it once daily on an empty stomach.  I sometimes take an additional dose at night if I'm having problems, but that doesn't seem to do my any good.
Completely eliminated my heartburn and reflux, which were a daily occurence and were not treated effectively with OTC medications like Pepcid.	None	Taking the drug on a daily basis got rid of my heartburn.  I recently had a scope of my upper GI and there were no problems.  I think Prevacid keeps me from having any damage to my esophagus.
Benefits where good with the Lyrica, I wish it controlled pain and inflamation more.  However I could not go back to living without it, I would be a mess.	No side effects related to the Lyrica medication.	The treament consisted of taking lyrica 75mg once in the morning and again a bed. Take the soma as needed and the morphine every 12 hours.
Completely stops nightly leg pain	No side effects at all	After trying everything from muscle relaxers to strong narcotic pain meds which did nothing to help my nightly leg pain, I was given Tramadol. I was to take 2 50mg tablets at bed time. I went home that day from the doctor thinking this was yet another medicine that would not work. To my surprise it worked! It has been the only treatment that works for my leg pain. I have taken it nightly for 2 years now. It has no side effects for me at all. I have not shown any signs of being addicted to the drug. I do not need more than the original dosage to work. I feel perfectly normal when taking it and can function normally. It doesn't help with other pain though and that is puzzling to me. But at least it works for my leg pain so I can sleep like a normal person at night.
"Swelling was demished.

Acheynesss is going away."	I never found that I had any side effects from this med.	"I had fallen at home and I have 2 broken arms that are both broken at the shoulder. I have a lot of swelling in both upper arms, and that makes healing very difficult. I have been taking Movic now for about a month. I have already found that the swelling has been deminishing and I have been starting to use my arms more. By the way, I broke my arms this last March, and I might be able to return to work by this November. I am so happy that my Ortho doctor prescribed this medication for me. I know what it did for me, and I hope it works for you too!!

My final word is "" thank God something that really seems to work "" Thank You Doctor Beretta !!!!!"
I took the 100mg tab around 9am with other meds per instructions, but the medication only lasted around 4 hours at the most, then I began to feel that wiped out feeling once again. I spoke with my gp & it was determined, that since my fatigue is so severe, we would move up immediately. Take 2 100mg tablets at 9a.m. then 1 100mg tablet at noon, should I be slowing down, with the engraved fatigue, I will change and rather than take 1 100mg tab at noon, I will take 2 200mg tabs at 1pm. Then by 4pm if needed take 1 100mg tablet. Will monitor closely, and go in monthly for Blood work, as this medication, can cause problems with the Liver.	N/A currently	Awaiting to see what is going to happen, I am VERY hopeful !!!! Good Luck to EVERYONE here, and God Bless, to each of you, and to me too :)
Control of asthma symptoms; preventative treatment.	None.	This is the best preventative medication I've ever taken for my asthma.  I take it once a day, and it virtually eliminates all of my asthma symptoms.  I hardly ever have to use my albuterol inhaler anymore.  I would recommend this to anyone who suffers from asthma.
My blood pressure is now in the normal range. My blood pressure ranges from 110 over 80 to 137 over 90. This limits the possibility of stroke.	There are no side effects to this drug that I have experienced.	I take one pill once each day. The dosage on the bottle reads 100/25.
I was good that I only had to take this once per day.??? More often and I probably would have forgotten or become obsessed with remembering.	I read the pamphlet and there are a few side effects such as dizziness but I didn't suffer any.	1/2 tablet taken each morning.??? Behavioural training.??? Cease medication
the spironolactone has prevented the large cycst types of acne from forming. My skin looks a lot smoother.	if not taken daily it will not work. you can not miss a day or there will be some cycsts that will form.	spironolactone is a water pill that has the side effect of clearer skin. the spironolactone only is effective on the large cycst types of acne. If not taken daily there will be some cycsts that will form the week before you cycle. The small acne is taken care of with a retinol A cream.
The treatment bendfits consisted of bringing the thyroid test results into the normal range for the TSH and T4 tests for a post-menopausal woman.	There were no treatment side effects noted.	Treatment consists of one 100mcg tablet taken early AM on an empty stomach with 8oz of water with no food for one hour after dose.
Stops the cholestrol level dramatically.	Once you take it, you cannot stop. I took the pill for one year. At that time my cholestrol level was pretty well controlled. It dropped from 8.6 to 5.1. I stopped the pills and the cholestrol level immediately rise even higher than before (9.1)	One pill per day after meal.
I had two early stage miscarriages, so I was tested by a reproductive specialist. She diagnosed that I have high blood clot factor. As soon as the third pregnancy was confirmed (5th week), I stated to take Lovenox once a day. After reaching 13th week and ultrasound confirmed the baby is growing well, I was allow to be off Lovenox. I am now in third trimester and my pregnancy went well.	There was no side effect, however I really hated giving injection to myself. I was so painfull. The injection spot became bruised, even though I iced it right away after injection. And the bruises did not heal for a week to two weeks. I picked different injection spot every day to avoid the bruised area, so my abdomen was purple for the 9 weeks.	As memtioned above in treatment benefits, this drug was used to avoid recurrance of early stage miscarriage. The high blood clot factor originates from two reasons: for one my husband and I share two HLA, and two I have condition so called antiphospholipid syndrome. To reduce the factor I was directed to take baby asperin and Lovenox. Once I reached 13th week when the plecenta is well establised and growth of baby was well, my doctor decided Lovenox is no longer needed and baby asperin alone be fine onward.
helped depression and energy. I entered Alcholics Anonymous and began recovery from years of substance abuse.  Provigil seems to take the edge off of my prior anxieties and helps to dig deep into the emotional reasons for the abuse.	none.I can honestly say I never feel wired or jittery, no known side effects that I can think of.	I take 200 mg arounfd noon and another at 4pm.  I sleep really well and can honestly say the provigil helps in my recovery process.
Less acne (diminished whiteheads and blackheads), smoother skin, and less redness.	The only side effect was a transient stinging upon application that would last 15 minutes at most. The stinging did not coinside with redness or irritation.	Thin application of finacea to clean skin once a day, followed by a light moisturizer.
"The treatment benefits were that the incidence of arrhythmia was drastically

reduced and the duration of episodes was also drastically reduced. I could

go for days, weeks, and months without having any episodes.  When I do have

an episode, it is mild and short lived."	"There were no side effects that I can recall at the outset and there are no

side effects now."	"I was initially prescribed Beta Blockers. These caused great lethargy

and dizzyness.  I was tired and had no energy for even the slightest efforts.

After trying several Beta Blockers, I was switched to Calcium Channel 

Blockers.  I did not feel well with these either. Finally I was prescribed

Flecainide which is evidently not a very popular choice.  It seems to have

worked well for me."
Control of joint inflammation	None.	The methotrexate is administered by subcutaneous injection (self-administered) 25mgs once per week. I have been taking methotexate for approximately 5 years. Foe the first 4 years I took the same dose orally, but it eventually beacme less effective so I switched to subcutaneous injection. It has been extremely effective at controlling the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and I feel 95% normal.
It did seem to control the my acid reflux in the beginning.  However, being that I am now pregnant (3 months) it doesn't seem to be strong enough to help. My acid reflux is out of control and I was just diagnosed with gastritis.  My stomach burns a lot.	none	One 20 mg capsule every morning
Very effective at eliminating pain	None yet that I have noticed.	"I have had severe pain in my joints, of the knee, back wrist and fingers, for about 10 years. I've had problems finding something to handle the pain aspirn and other such pills had little or no effect on the pain. I took vioxx until it was taken off the market, then tried a few others prescribed by my Doctor, none of those worked until celebrex. I'm sure there are side effects maybe long term however up to this point I haven't had any short term effects I'm aware of. If I don't take my pill in the morning I can always tell by afternoon and know I forgot to take it, the aches and pain becomes terrible.

Frank Samuell"
Completely changed my everyday life in a beneficial way. I was more confident with myself than ever before. Before taking the drug, I was cold and hateful for no reason.  I could bite someone's head off very quickly.  After taking the drug, I am now such a nice person and genuinely care about other people and realize that everyone is different...........and that's ok.	None	Once a day dosage in the morning with breakfast. I cannot believe I ever lived a happy life before this drug.
Skin inflamation disappeared	None	"A thin film using a cotton swab applied over the region on the base of my neck.

I tiried at least four other prescription and even more over the counter topical meds and none of them helped. I would prefer not to use ""elidel"" because there are some warnings over its use. My MD told me to use only if nothing else works, and nothing else is of any help."
"Much less anxiety. Was able to nearly stop taking Xanax for breakthrough anxiety and panic.



Was able to sleep well and did not need to take Tuinal."	None	"I was up to five 2mg Xanax per day due to panic and was frequently having to take between 100 and 200mg of Tuinal every night just to sleep. Then, after ten years the miracle happened: I was prescribed Klonopin 2mg twice daily, with Xanax 1mg up to twice daily only if needed for panic.



Clonazepam seems to be a nice adjuctive therapy for panic attacks and insomnia."
it did not make me feel like i was on a major drug.  i still felt like "myself" and could experience emotions.  there were no weight loss/gain experiences.	i did not ecperience any side effects that i know of.	my OBGYN origionally prescribed lexapro for post-partum.  I stayed on it for about 3 years and recommend it highly.
This is an easy to take flu remedy that lasts only 5 days. It was good to know that as miserable as the flu was, I could finally take action to rid myself of it sooner, as compared to last year when there was no remedy available. By taking Tamiflu, I think the duration of the flu may have been shortened by 1-2 days	none	I was hoping that I would feel my flu symptoms lessening on the first day of treatment. I didn't feel significantly better until the third day. This prescription cost close to $100. It makes me wonder if it was really worth it.
reduced the bumps somewhat!	lots of peeling =(	after shower wait 1/2 an hour. Then apply lightly on problem areas. wear sunscreen when using this!
I've only been on it for a week but I've noticed a change already. I am more awake and it seems as though a fog has been lifted. I am thinking more clearly and don't feel so down.	None so far.	My doctor added Abilify to my 60 mg of Cymbalta because I was feeling really fatigued and unable to function.
for severe pain and acheness	none	I had severe pain from stiffness, achyness, nerve pain in the muscles in my whole body.  In the morning it would take me ten minutes to get from my bed to the bathroom and I would be crying all the way because of the pain.  Cymbalta is a miracle drug. When added to my other medications for pain it made all the difference in the world and I was able to function pretty normal. Thank God!
Pain and heartburn from extreme acid reflux is well controlled, hypersensitivity to certain food is suppressed and Barrett's Esophagus has not progressed.	None that I am aware of.	I take Nexium once a day in the morning. If I have a flare up of acid reflux, I will take another at dinner time. The once a day regime generally controls my acid reflux quite well. On the rare occasions when I forget to take Nexium, reflux flares up immediately, so I have good evidence it is responsible for the symptom control.
Reduced the acid reflux and heartburn that was present in the late evening hours. Overall, Nexium relieved me of acid reflux and heartburn.	I did not experience side effects, although some people do.	I took a pill everyday (with water) about a hour before my dinner. I did not skip any days, but used everyday, so as to prevent heartburn rather than treat it.
Requip has helped me sleep at night! no more horrible creepy crawley sensations... great medication!	None.	Take 1 pill 2 hours before bedtime.
This medication was initially prescribed for pain management and was somewhat effective, but a new neurologist suggested incresing the dose as an addition to the anti-seizure medications that were not completely controlling my epilesy.  This addition finally got the seizures completely under control.	Sometimes I feel a bit nauseated if I take it with my other medications.	As I stated, increasing the dosage of this medication finally got my epilepsy under control.  I was originally prescribed this drug for pain management of a chronic pain problem, but in a lower dose. While I feel that is has only had a minimal effect of lmy pain, the higher dose has gotten my seizures under control.  I also suffer from depression and a panic disorder that may be helped from this drug, but I think that that may be true indirectly, as I think the elimination of the seizures has been the main cause of the relief, particularly the anxiety.
reduction in white heads however I think I still need longer treatment to get rid of blackheads, I am hoping it will also help to slow down aging process. I must be carefull not to get pregnant as it might cause problems . I believe it is contraindicated in pregnancy. I am also using hydroxyquinolone for melasma. It started to provide results during 2nd month of treatment.	none. Although they do say it can cause dryeness, however my skin is quite oily so I am not worried.I must be carefull not to get pregnant as it might cause problems . I believe it is contraindicated in pregnancy.It was Very easy to use.I used powder and moisturiser over it with no problem.	used 3-5 times a week depnding on occurance of white heads. Dermatologist recommended to use it three times a week.Iam still waitin gto see whether blackheads will go. I must use sunscreen if used during day. This is certaintly the best cream i have ever used for this problem. At the same time i will try not to use it for a long time as it can cause side effects.
The urinary tract infection which causing frequent urination and a lot of discomfort was completely cleared up after I took this drug.  This drug has been effective for me on more than one occasion.	I did not have any side effects that I am aware of.	I took two tablets of bactrim 2x per day with a glass of water.  I was careful to drink plenty of water throughout the day.
very beneficial. no issues or side effects and my monthly period became more normal versus very heavy bleeding. i'm still on the medication and will continue as directed until full menapause.	I had no side effects wtih this drug. not sure how much more clear I can make it.	took prescrition daily and that was it. pretty simple.
Helps me to concentrate and focus for a more prolonged period of time than adderall xr 20mg. When taking adderall xr 20mg, I had a lot of side effects ranging from dry mouth to aggressive behavior. I was very irritable with adderall xr, but with Vyvanse I am not irritable at all as a symptom of the drug. I focus and concentrate much better, and for much longer, I have no symptoms. I feel more calm and more happy on Vyvanse.	The only negative side effect was the insomnia for the first few weeks, but that is to be expected from this type of drug I believe.	Vyvanse 50mg taken once daily in the morning.
I used it for six months and it worked like a charm.  Got through colds with out descending into sinus infections( the usual result).  Then it stopped working!  It has never worked again.  How sad.  Doctors had addicted me to nosespray in high school  The only other time I was symptom dree was when I was nursing.  This seemed like a godsend.  I wished it still worked'	There were no side effects short of a slight tingling in the nose when using it.	I had one spray per nostril bedore bed.  It kept my nose clear all night.
The albuterol relieved the constriction, irritation and wheezing I experienced. It worked both as a preventive and as a curative measure for those symptoms. I have occasionally experienced exercise induced asthma (actually after I stop exercising) and taking the albuterol in advance helped alleviate that.	I have experienced no side effects.	I use the albuterol as needed because of allergies (seasonal, dust, exercise) and can go for long times without using it.
My overall mood, sense of well being, energy level was increased with better sleep pattern restored. I also noted improvement in my facial firmness and skin tone.	No side effects of any kind were noted or apparent from the use of this product. I have used bioidentical estrogen hormone Divigel for 2 years plus and plan to continue.	Divigel is a topically applied Bio-Identical Hormone ( Estrogen) which I Highly Recommended. The product is applied topically at night to top of (leg) thigh. My benefits were improved mood, clarity of thought, increased energy, better sustained sleep, and mproved skin firmness and tone - even facial skin.
