Initial benefits were comparable to the brand name version of this drug, Depakote.  I had been taking Depakote for several months and experienced great results.  When I went to my psychiatrist for an evaluation and re-fill, he accidently prescribed the generic version, Depakene.  When I discovered the error, I was told by this doctor that I would experience the same results as Depakote.  The positive side effects of the Depakene: balanced mood, improved concentration, improved logical cognition, mental clarity, lessened anxiety and irritability, improved sleep, increase in pleasure about activities	Depakene has a very thin coating, which caused severe heart burn and stomach upset.  The discomfort was so unpleasant that it made me not want to take my meds, so I was not taking them consistently as prescribed.  This caused my mood to fluctuate again.  Even after I switched to the Depakote, my stomach was still uncomfortable for several weeks afterwards.  My appetite decreased and food was very unappetizing.  Certain foods that I normally enjoy, such as chicken or fish, made me feel extremely queasy when I ate them.  I did not like the physical side effect of the drug, and decided to quit my psychiatric drugs altogether - because I was no longer stable anymore!	Depakote was prescribed to me by a Kaiser psychiatrist in Pleasant Hill, CA in 2006.  The medication was given to help treat the diagnosis of Bipolar Disorder, Type II.  My disease was misdiagnosed for several years as depression, since I was never seen by a professional during hypomanic episodes, and when I did see a professional, I did not think that my manic symptoms were signs of a serious psychiatric problem.  Anti-depressant drugs were prescribed: Prozac in 2001, which had minimal effect and I stopped taking them a few months later. Wellbutrin was prescribed again for "chronic depression" in the spring of 2006, but this medication slowly spun me into an intense manic period.  After the manic episode, I fell very hard into a severe, suicidal depressive state.  I was voluntarily admitted to a psychiatric ward in June 2006 to keep me safe and to properly diagnose my condition.  The symptoms I was experiencing before being prescribed the Depakote/Depakene: rapidly cycling mood swings between intense activation and irritablity/excitement and crashing lows and depression, suicidal thoughts, poor logic and decision making, racing thoughts, anxiety, poor concentration, and poor sleep.
Reduction of infection of acute uncomplicated diverticulitis	Disturbing and painful balanitis after 4 days, lasted 2 weeks. Stomatitis to the point were eating and drinking became painful, used chloorhexidine mouthwash 1 minute 3 times daily, next to brushing (extremely painful mucosae and tongue). Lasted 10 days. Now disturbing and ugly proximal onychomyosis coming from a lateral onychomycosis on 20 % surface large toenail. My whole toenailplate is destroyed. I may need to take itraconazole or terbinafine for 9 months at least, if I want to cure this :(	Augmentin 875 mg twice a day for three weeks.
the treatment masked the psoriasis and what was considered arthritis	increasing all over body pain	I started with 4 tabs and increased to 6 as the all over body pain increased and then they were going to put me on prednisone.  I opted to turn to homeopathic treatment and weaned off the methotrexate.  The all over body pain went completely away but the psoriasis was exacerbated.  I'd rather have that than not be able to walk or move.
Increased libido.	Vivid dreams, nightmares, diarrhea, increased anxiety, night sweats, exhaustion.	Began at 5 mg, increased to 10mg after a few weeks.  Have not been able to increase further because the side effects are so detrimental.  I am weaning myself off Lexapro now and beginning Celexa again.  I had a better experience on 20 mg of Celexa and it is far less expensive (because there is a generic).
Sore throat considerably better	Constant nausea even with food, extremely cold, Extreme Dizziness, Hard to sleep, Severe shaking and weakness, fever, frequent need to urinate	I'm only on my second day and third dose, I'm taking this with 3 days, 2 times a day, 4 MG dose of Dexamethasone and I had a large shot of Rocephin
Nothing	I woke up 3am and couldnt sleep I had the worst stomach pains thats in my stomach like gas pains and they hurt so bad. They come every 5 mins its the worst pain. For 2 days I have been in pain. I'd never take this medicine again. Im about to get up and throw it away now!	None
resume ovulation and maintain hormonal balance	Horrible mood swings, crying episodes, confusion.	In order to correct Polycystic ovarian syndrom and to get pregnant I was given Progestin and clomid to resume ovulation. I would NEVER* take either of these synthetics again! I was a basketcase with mood swings, crying, depression etc.. and once I discontinued use I was able to return to a normal mental state. I used this for over 3 months while my poor family suffered, never recieving the results I hoped for. I achieved results only when I went natural and used a natural progetserone cream from AIM made with wild yam and instead of horrific side effects I had pleasant ones...my acne cleared, my insomnia got better and my overall mood was improved, 3 months later I was pregnant! I will always try herbal before synthetics from now on.
Lowered heart rate from 100bpm+ to 65-75bpm and held blood pressure at a near-perfect level. Episodes of extremely high heart rate (200bpm+) suddenly initiating and sustaining for several hours diminished in frequency from at least once every 1-2 weeks to three times over one year.	Previously on Metoprolol tartrate and later Metoprolol succinate (both varying doses) and experienced severe dizziness/light-headedness, heavy-chested, and shortness of breath. Also experienced severe exercise intolerance. These symptoms remain when switched to Atenolol, but at much less severe levels. On Atenolol, also experience short-term memory loss, vertigo, constipation, indigestion.	After diagnosed with tachycardia, prescribed metoprolol tartrate at varying doses over course of a few months (lowest dose possible was not high enough to keep heart rate low and next highest dose possible was too high, i.e, produced extreme shortness of breath/tight and heavy chest/dizziness. On the positive side, the medicine did slow heart rate and reduced episodes of extremely high heart rate. Next, prescribed metoprolol succinate with similar benefits and side effects. On both meds, side effects were too severe to function day to day. So I was put on Atenolol, and it has worked for me much better. Heart rate is held at a safe rate, and is more consistent than when on the metoprolol. Symptoms of dizziness, heavy chestedness, etc. are still present but highly diminished (I can at least perform normal daily functions now). Now I have additional symptoms of vertigo after elevator rides, indigestion, constipation, and short term memory loss (but nothing that I can't function with). Recently, doctors suggested a catheter ablation, as they discovered a source of my problems to be the presence of extra electrical pathways in my heart.
Got rid of hot flashes but made other things much worse.	Depression, osteoporosis, vaginal dryness, and fatigue.	Daily pill. However, estrogen derived from mares is not bio-identical to humans and causes breast cancer. Also, progestin is only a synthetic version of progesterone, and we need progesterone for many, many things.
none- did not relieve symptoms	severe drowsiness, irritability, hypermania	discontinued use because did not relieve symptioms and the side effects were too severe
I felt better for the first few days, mood-wise.  But then I got depressed again.  So I guess that's not a benefit.	"I've always been one to freak out at the slightest appearance of illness - I have anxiety as well as bipolar disorder.  When I was told that lamotrigine (the first drug I've been on for bipolar) caused a potentially fatal rash, I decided that this time, I was going to try not to worry.  One out of ten people experience a rash on the drug - and I tried to be rational - that means I'm likely to be one of the nine that doesn't.



Oh, was I ever wrong.



Firstly, the lamotrigine didn't help with moods.  I wanted to die for two days more badly than I ever had in my life on this drug. It was excruciating.  Luckily, I have a lot of support, and I (obviously) didn't kill myself.



I couldn't sleep.  I lay awake most nights until 7am.  I eventually passed out and got maybe 4-6 hours of sleep.  This is barely better than the sleep I get when I'm hypomanic.  And we all know how bad it is when bipolar people don't sleep.  Luckily, the meds did seem to keep me from going upwards mood-wise.  I also had to pee ALL THE TIME, which was not fun.



That brings me to the rash.

I first noticed a few raised bumps on my inner forearms.  I thought it would go away, that I shouldn't freak out - I wasn't going to get the rash, right?  And the next morning, I was covered in a slightly raised, red rash, even on my face and hands.  I went to the clinic, and the doctor said I was having an allergic reaction.  He told me to just go home and stop taking the lamotrigine.  He knew nothing about it or the fact that it causes rashes.  It got worse, and by night-time I was freaked out.  I called a nurse and she told me to go to the emergency room.  I did, and they had me stay the night to make sure I didn't have Steven Johnson Syndrome.  Luckily, I don't.  I just have something called ""drug eruption.""



Even if it's not going to kill me, it's never fun being covered in red blotches.  I still am and it's been three days.  I'm afraid to go to the Starbucks around the corner.  My verdict?  Lamictal isn't worth it.  Don't risk it."	I was put on 12.5mg, then 25mg, and we were going to keep raising the dose slowly to minimize risk.
I am in reasonable good health. I am non-diabetic, Serum Glucose level is normal [Fasting=100, PP=104]. I am a non-smoker since 7th March, 1975 [prior to that I smoked 60 cigarettes a day for17 years].My Blood lipids are within normal limits  [Total Cholesterol=108, HDL=36, LDL=62,VLDL=10.HDL is a bit low [36] but TC:HDL ratio=3.00 and appears to be within favourable range of low risk of "up to 4.5". Kidney function is also within normal range. Liver Function is also normal except SGPT=46. Haemogram is normal. Hb%=15.1. Serum Prostate Specific Antigen=0.75, well within nornal range.	I developed severe epigastric pain, relieved by liquid antacids in June 2006. I had to bear with it till Gastroscopy confirmed Duodenal Ulcer and I had to discontinue Aspirin since December 2006. My HDL is 36. SGPT is slightly raised since 2004.  I developed severe Hypothyroidism in July 2007 and have to take Thyroxine Sodium since confirmation of the diagnosis. Echocardiography reports Atherosclerotic AV and AO root. USG reports Fatty infiltration of Pancreas and Partially Contracted GB but I have no complain. I am having occasional pain in joints and they are being cured without any additional drug	In April 2005, I felt some mild discomfort in my chest or precordium, which was did not simulate any cardiac pain, ECG was within normal limit, even then I was admitted in a Hospital. Trop-T test indicated Myocardial Infarction. Angiography revealed 90% block in Left Posterior Circumflex Artery, PTCA was done followd by non-drug-elluting stent.
hopefully it got rid of many actinic keratoses permanently, but hard to say.  I think it made my skin look better, though.	extremely red, irritated, sore skin, extreme sun sentitivity.  One are even blistered, eventually so badly that my dr. said stop using it.	"applied to face and chest sparingly daily after washing.

My face and chest both became very red, and my face especially got so bad it looked like hamburger meat.  My chest had many small red spots.  One area under my eye blistered and then became infected.  I did not even want to see sunlight, I became so sun sensitive. After I stopped using the medication it took at least a week to feel anything like normal.  a horrible experience.  but I do think it made my skin look better."
Longer life expectancy but wish I had know that my ovaries could be turned off before I started the drug then switched on again afterwards. As it is I went into a early menopuse with very, very,  severe side effects.Please get your Doctor to talk about ALL the possible side effects of menopause, including sexual.	netropenia, stort of breath , muscle weakness, nausea, hair loss, menopuse, unable to find any peace of mind. Would reccomend eating bucket fulls of fruit.	1 injection every 3 weeks. Then a reduction in the dose by 25 percente after the 4 th week due to netropenia.
treated pain due to an open wound from abdominal surgery	severe nausea, dizziness, lightheaded...I couldn't eat or drink many foods	taking pain medication while recovering from surgery...had an open wound with wound vac.  The pain was so severe, especially when it came time to change the dressings and clean out the wound in which case I would double up on the medication.  It helped with the pain, but also doubled the side effects I was feeling.
In one year, I only had two periods. My periods before Depo were 2-3 days and very light, on Depo they were longer and heavier. It is so convenient not having to remember to take a pill everyday at the same day. It was also 100% effective with preventing pregnancy for me.	The first side effect I noticed was my complete lack of sex drive. After this came the ridiculous mood swings that caused fights with my boyfriend over nothing. I would just cry for no reason at all and I felt like I was going insane. Breast tenderness was also becoming an annoyance because it would last for months. While these side effects were severe to me, the worst is the huge concave I now have in my thigh. While I had a total of four injections, only one caused a huge dimple. It's really embarassing and extremely noticable and I'm not sure why it happened. The doctor said it has happened to a few other patients including discoloration of the injection site. This is when I got off Depo and switched to Seasonique... Hopefully, this will work out better.	If you don't like receiving shots, this is definitely not the right method. It is a pretty large injection.  However, you only have to endure it four times a month and it's not painful.
Initial signs of infection appeared to be treated effectively.	After a few days on this medication, it caused persistent diarrhea lasting several weeks.	Medication prescribed after root canal dental work to treat initial symptoms of infection. While infection did not occur, diarrhea was so persistent that I had to seek medical treatment. Will not take this again.
A slight reduction in pain. I am diabetic and was warned that it would raise my blood sugars, but it significantly reduced the night sugars.	Extreme shortness of breath (exhausted just walking from bedroom into bathroom and adding an inhaler did not significantly improve the condition, dizziness, chest pressure, water retention, confusion. The night sugars dipped dangerously low so I discontinued my night injection of Lantus. I have lost my independence with the use of this drug and become homebound.	After the diagnosis of PMR, I was instructed to take 10 mg. in the morning. Although the pain diminished, it was still high so dosage was increased to 15 mg. I repeatedly advise the rheumatolist of the breathing problems to no avail. The family doctor suggested dropping the dosage to 7 1/2 mg. per day, but the pain became extreme again so I went back to the initial dose of 10 m.g. The rheumatolist has suggested that I will be on prednisone for a year.
My skin was much smoother and the pore size seemed to shrink.  Wrinkles were dimininshed and age spots lightened.	I developed acne that continnued to worsen until I stopped using it.  I had peeling and redness around my chin and peeling on my forehead.	Each night I washied my face with a mild clanser and waited for 20 minutes as reccommended by the prescription instructions.  I then applied a pea size amount of the treatment to my entire face.  I stopped using all the other skin care products I had been using before such as astringents, & benzoil peroxide.  My skin became very dry and peeled off during the day. Ane I developed large bumps and shallow flat white pussy blemishes all over my face, particularly on my chin & forehead.  I could see, however, that without this the texture and pore size improving, and my wrinkles on my forehead and around my eyes were noticably improving.  I discontinued use after 3 weeks and went back to using benzoil peroxide to try to calm down the acne.  After 2 weeks it is starting to get better, but my skin is rougher now and the winkles and lines around my eyes are back to the way they were before I started the treatment.
Pregnancy was prevented.	I had my period (some spotting, but mostly consistent bleeding) for two out of the three months of my first pill pack.  I also fought off migraines for about three days of the last month (middle of the month).  I also had the worst acne I've had since I was a teenager.	I don't understand this question.
Cleared active acne very effectively.	Dry, cracked lips. Dark eye are due to thinning of skin. Extreme photosensitivity. Very dry, coarse skin.	Four 20 mg capsules taken once daily. Also had to double reccommended daily water intake. Moisturised skin and lips when absolutell necessary although this was not advised by dermatologist due to clogging of pores.
no benefits, only negatives.	This product made my rosacea go from mild to severe in a matter of 2 days. Has now been 6 days, with no improvements of the damage done by this junk. Horrible, horrible product.  The best way to ease you rosacea is go on a diet of lemon water and plain, boiled chicken for a week. Take about 2 gm of pantothenic acid a day.  It sucks, but it will clear it up.	treatment details? What details? I have rosacea and metrogel is NOT effective, and made symptoms worse and now they don't go away at all. Thanks to our fantastic government regulations, pharmacuticals are approved by ignorant monkeys while effective, natural cures are ignored.   The best way to ease your rosacea is go on a diet of lemon water and plain, boiled chicken for a week. Take about 2 gm of pantothenic acid a day. It sucks, but it will clear it up. I'm sure a doctor will argue it and insist that some Gualderm product is better, but we all know how that works....
My treatment benefits: My pain went away while taking Mobic. My anxiety went away. My mood was lifted.	The first day I didn't take Mobic(Day 5) I experienced withdrawal like symptoms. Didn't want to get out of bed after eight hours of undisturbed sleep. Severe stomach cramping followed by diarrhea. I feel really strange. I can't focus. My pain is back. Face feels tingly. I have a shaky feeling. Nauseous. As the day progresses I am feeling less of these symptoms. I don't think it's worth all this.	Physical therapy twice a week. Doctor every two weeks. Suppose to take 1-2 Mobic everyday for pain. 1-3 Flexiril a day to relax tense muscles. I take Flexiril at night because it knocks me out. But have only needed it the first two days of treatment.
Blood pressure was decreased initially to where it should have been, and gradually stopped being so effective	Severe rectal pain, beginning around 4 weeks into the treatment. At first there was burning, after bowel movements, then increased to severe burning all the time, then to pain, and finally severe pain (could not sit or lay down). No hemorrhoids, tears, or fisures, but the pain continued, even if no bowel movements for days. Finally stopped taking the medication at the end of August 2009, but the symptoms continue even now (Feb 2010), although not nearly as bad. Now the pain just makes me sit sideways, but at least I can sit and lay down to sleep.	I had never been diagnosed with high blood pressure, but had recently gained several pounds because of the double round of steroids I was put on because of a severe skin rash (seasonal allergic reaction). Since we had recently moved I didn't have a PCP yet and the rash on my arms looked like it may have been getting infected, I went to a local emergent care center and saw a doctor there. They took my blood pressure and immediately put me on Benicar HCT, 20 mg, once a day. I took the medication as prescribed until the anal pain got to be too bad. Since going off the medication my BP is a little elevated but I'm reluctant to go back on any meds, especially no one seems to be willing to admit the Benicar caused this problem or is offering any solutions to help it get better.
diclofinac has helped with the pain and swelling of joints.Lefluonomide, for me, had no noticible benefits.	Nausea, weakness leg and feet cranps shortness of breath rapid heart rate. After a short time I discontinued the medicine, symptoms held on for three more days, Still not feeling well but there has been mild improvement	see side effects
Controls the anxiety and fear of being without breathing.	GAIN WEIGHT (60 pnds) fron 125 lbs to 180 lbs (5'4"). Lazyness, sugar and candy cravings, depression form gain weight, sleep a lot, no concordance, No sex, confussion, nightmares, moody, constinspation at the begginng, face breakouts, intolerance, short of breath, headeach..among others.	"Begginng dose: 25 mg for 1.5 yr.(may 08 to dec 09).



Dec 09: want 2 have bbs..so I talked 2 my Doc and I start with 12.5 this week (dec 7, 09). To end the process.



If I can turn back time..OMG..I used alternative treatments..no drugs.."
Although I took this drug about 3 to 4 days before I realized it was making me sicker, there were no treatment benefits during the time I was on it.  Actually , I started feel worse about day 3 or 4.  The drug seemed to be enhancing the sinusitus symptoms!	The treatment side effects of Levaquin were very similar to my sinusitis symptoms, hence the fact I stayed on the drug for several days.  Side effects included headache, dizziness, lightheadedness and nausea (nausea is not a symptom of sinusitus that I ever experienced before).  The side effects slowly got worse the longer I took the drug.	I asked for the drug in liquid form, as I have difficulty swallowing many pills.  I took the drug as recommended, but the symptoms did not get better.  As I mentioned earlier, the symptoms got worse.  I called my doctor's office on the third day and was told that the symptoms I was experiencing was the infection.  By day 5 I knew it was the drug, and stopped taking it.  After a couple of days the nausea went away, and eventually the sinusitus infection slowly got better.  I will never take Levaquin again!
After moving to Okalahoma, allergies became a problem.  Different medicines prescribed and over the counter were tried.  At one point, I had to visit the doctor every six months two get a B12 shot and a steroid shot.  I was not pleased with the such frequent visits to the doctor's office but needed a treat for my new found allergies that were really affecting my work and family life.	A rash on my face occurred after two days and the medicine made very anxious. After moving to Okalahoma, allergies became a problem.  Different medicines prescribed and over the counter were tried.  At one point, I had to visit the doctor every six months two get a B12 shot and a steroid shot.  I was not pleased with the such frequent visits to the doctor's office but needed a treat for my new found allergies that were really affecting my work and family life. Both my 4 year old son and I tried Zyrtec.  We both had an allergic reaction in the form of a rash on our face.	Allergies are very common in Oklahoma because of the ragweed. Different medicines prescribed and over the counter were tried.  At one point, I had to visit the doctor every six months two get a B12 shot and a steroid shot.  I was not pleased with the such frequent visits to the doctor's office but needed a treat for my new found allergies that were really affecting my work and family life. I began taking 1 tsp onf Zyrtec once per day.  The drug proved to work.
"Stabilizes my thyroid function and brings it into a ""normal"" range.

Consequently my heart rate normalizes"	"Early in treatment Drs. would give me a specific dose to take for as long as 6 weeks. During this amount of time, on say..30-20 mgs per day, my thyroid would become so enlarged, I could barely swallow.. I now have a better handle on it.. and monitor my self with either breaking pills or smaller doses which I can control.

ALSO--I now have Osteopenia."	"First need to say Drs. waned me to have thyroid ablation. I opted to ""keep"" my thyroid and treat with mediycation, rather than ""killing it off"" chemically and becoming HYPO-Thyroid and treating with a replacement ""synthroid"" type meds.



Early in treatment Drs. would give me a certain dose to take for as much as 6 weeks-long after reaching ""normal"" (tsh etc..)thyroid levels, Now I monitor myself by how I feel and usually I'm not accurate, but most of the time I am.



ALSO I now have Osteopenia-exercise and calcium and Vit D are all very important!"
"Felt the ""cloud lift"" after 6 days or so.

Feel free from depression for the first time in 10 years.

But, glad to be rid of it."	"Horrible for me. Acquired secondary insomnia (for the entire duration), at one point, didn't sleep for 5 days.

Had a very intense feeling of delayed reactions/delayed feelings. ie. would go to turn the music up in the car and would turn the dial the wrong way. Took a few seconds to feel what I was actually touching, grabbing.

Killed my sex drive.

Withdrawl is EXTREME. Constant crying, very vivid and disturbing dreams, general listlessness."	Taken once a day (until up to 150 mg/day and then taken twice a day).  Always in the morning, as would help with insomnia.
Very effective in my sleep pattern	Drowsiness which was not a major issue for me. phase of depression each time i stopped taking the pill. I didn't realize what was causing it until after the last couple of times. I mean a serious phase of depression which was new to me since i have never experienced depression before	I took the pill only when i had a migrane for a period of 3 months. I would be okay before and while i took the pill. The low mood, feelings of unworthiness and a heavy feeling in my head that i can't explain any better
I began taking Climara for perimenopause issues-- insomnia, horrible PMS, moodiness, night sweats. It helped for these issues.	The main side effects I experienced with Climara were bloating, weight gain and indigestion/gas. I gained 8 pounds in two months! As soon as I stopped the drug, the bloating and gas disappeared, and my weight gain is returning to normal.	Climara is meant to be used with a complementary progesterone subscription. I took  it in pill form. Now I am planning to try Amberen, a natural supplement which is supposed to balance the endocrine system. Got my fingers crossed!
there were no treatment benefits in taking this drug	i broke out into hives all over my torso	i was seen in the doctor's office for a swollen lymph node in my groin.  at first i was told to use warm compresses; this didn't work, so they put me on an antibiotic (keflex) and within 2 days i had broken out into hives all over my torso, and the lymph node did not decrease at all in size.  it was still red, swollen, and painful.  i then heard about lymph drainage, done by a certified massage therapist.  went for one session.  by the end of the session, my lymph node was smaller, no longer red, and no longer painful; within a day after the session, the lymph node was no longer swollen.
Helped rid nose of pre cancer outbreaks	Dry skin in all areas treated. Dry area would develop after about a week of use and then would need to discontiue use for a few days.	Use once daily at nighe before bed on problem area and any part of face for anti aging.
With the Lyrica It helps the pain.	With Lyrica I have put on a bit of weight, this is rather depressing so now on anti depressants. For now I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome and the pains are not too good each day.	Lyrica is a good drug for pain in my hand/arm after an accident. If I dont take this drug my symptoms will only get worse. Complex Regional Pain Syndrome has changed my life, for I cant work anymore.
felt better hard to tell as mood changes so much not sureif in head or not but do fet better so thats something to take from this	pain, bad moods, gettin sick, blackouts, takin 100mg per day without even remembering that was me takin them, no sex drive, bleeding from anal, sore mouths , put wieght on, sore jaw BUT BUT BUT do feel SOOOO much better and what i was going through before mentelly was much worse so these are nothin and only a few of the long f side effects i took u have to be strong to do this.	very good drug i think
None. I only took them for a couple of days, but had to stop because of the side-effects.	The biggest side-effect was that it made me experience shock-waves through my head and sometimes even my body, just like if someone would have turned on and off a lamp very quickly. That side-effect ended the same time I stopped taking Seroquel. The other one was that everything started to smell and taste very bad. It???s hard to explain exactly how, but it was a mix of vodka and mould. After I stopped taking the medication it took 2 weeks for the taste/smell-problem to disapear.	I was prescribed with Seroquel after I was released from hospital after a period of deep depression to help me to sleep better and stop me from becoming hypomanic.
took it at night and the depression was lifted the next day! Made me feel happy and with no cares in the world. Had a much better mood and outlook on life!  I didn't get angry as easily and my overall mood was stable.  I also felt more like my "normal" old self!!	drowsiness but couldn't stay asleep, weird dreams that jolted me awake, jitters, day drowsiness, weakness/tingling in extremeties, zombie like at times due to the drowsiness.I also felt I had a cloudy mind at times.	Given for depression as a sample.  began with 30 mg but due to the side effects the dr. decreased it to half a capsule sprinkled on food.  was still too strong.  didn't feel as good as far as my moods/depression go, and still felt the jitters.  Didn't feel as drowsy. I suspect that I could tolerate this medication after the side effects subsided or decreased after a few weeks, but because I work I couldn't wait...I would have been jittery and yet like a zombie for work and that was not an option
Risperdal reduces worry about visual and auditory hallucinations that remain.  Personality remains intact.  Disturbing thoughts are reduced.	Significant weight gain, weak muscles, fogginess, nightmares, sleepwalking and loss of appreciation for humor.	She sees people and hears music that others do not see or hear, therefore takes risperdal when symptoms are too difficult to manage to be a competent spouse, parent and professional.  Talk therapy combined with medication monitoring supported by Risperdal each night helped to improve self confidence and reduce paranoia.
It did curb my desire to smoke.  I went from smoking a pack a day after years of smoking to smoking one cigarette a day without using any nicotine substitutes.  However, I never got to the point where I didn't have the one cigarette a day and the side effects were so severe that I had to stop taking the drug.	The worst were the terrible nausea, gas and abdominal distress.  I would be so nauseous after taking the drug that I would have to lie down for about forty five minutes before I could function.  Also, as the treatment wore on, the gas pains became so painful that I just had to stop taking the drug.  The gas pains grew more severe over time.	I took the drug as prescribed but as noted above was not successful at quitting smoking.
The neurontin slightly helped pain but not enough to contine the drug. it was supposed to help muscle spasms but did not.  I would not increase because of the side effects.	Made me feel like a zombie, extremly dizzy, nause and major weight gain very quickly without eating any more	Took 300 mg three times daily, doctor wanted to increase but side effects too severe.  I could barely function on what was prescribed.
The medicine MTX  was effective for fifteen years. Weekly dose of Enbrel is quiet effective. AS sson as I tke MTX 2 days after the Enbrel injection I am having severe swelling on my knee joints. Others onts remains normal.	The medicine MTX  was effective for fifteen years. Weekly dose of Enbrel is quiet effective. AS sson as I tke MTX 2 days after the Enbrel injection I am having severe swelling on my knee joints. Others onts remains normal. May be cronic kidney failure	I Got synovectomy done of my left knee joint plannig for right knee jointalso
No Mood Swings, Easy Birth Control Method..It was very convenient not having to take a pill everyday.	I had at least 10 yeast infections while using the Nuvaring. I had never had a yeast infection before, nor have I ever had problems getting rid of a yeast infection.   I believe the ring was the culprit.	I went to my doctor to complain about the yeast infections.  It seemed like every time I inserted a new NuvaRing, I got a yeast infection.  She told me to use Monistat, and see if that works.  It worked for a week, but then I developed another yeast infection.   I went back to my doctor/gyno.  She prescribed me Diflucan, an antifungal pill taken by mouth.  I was to take 1 pill every time I started a new ring.  I still had yeast infections.  My doctor then advised me to take the Diflucan every other day for 3 days after starting a new ring.  No improvement.   She then prescribed me a vaginal cream containing steroids and an  anti-inflammatory.   I gave up -  the next time I went to the doctor, I had her prescribe me a new birth control.  I'm back on the pill, Loeastrin24FE.  Haven't had a yeast infection since the switch off the nuvaring.
I felt ok for about two days when first starting the treatment, then the lovely side effects began to set in	hives, insomnia, cough, ANGINA	I suggest to anyone who doesn't think that these synthetic drugs are really curing their sympoms, go online and research dessiccated thyroid, like Armour.  stopthethyroidmadness.com
stopped paranoid delusions	excessive sedation and excessive weight gain	"patient was prescribed Zyprexa at Providence Hospital Emergency care by telephone consult with psychiatrist to delay and/or prevent in-patient hospitalization.

Side effects, especially sedation were evident immediately after coming home.

Returned to emergency, tranferred to in-patient care, two weeks, to observe medication with therapy. Switched to Abilify."
Started feeling better very quickly.	This is some nasty shiznit.  After two days, I began to experience a horrible, disgusting taste in my mouth that made everything I tried to eat taste awful (in a sour, metallic sort of way).  I could even "smell" the taste.  It made me want to hurl.  I also developed a rash on my back, neck and face. I stopped taking it.  Honestly, the  sinus infection is less unpleasant than its cure.	It did clear up the congestion very quickly.
I didn't realize any benefits since the medication is preventative and needed to be taken over time to prevent osteoporosis. I had experienced some bone density issued related to  long term use of Prednisone or a period of years.	Within two weeks of the first dose I began feeling a lump in my upper stomach ,even though I took my pill first thing in the morning and remained standing for more than two hours. I still started to have a feeling of acid reflux which I have never had.  I reported continuing burning sensations in upper abdomen ,and gasy production which produced belches and burps , to the prescribing Dr. immediately but he suggested continuing the med ,and use an antacid which I tried. By the second dose I had serious heartburn ,reported it to the Dr. then discontinued the medication and they changed me to Actonel, once a week ,which had none of the same adverse side effect.	"I had a bone density study done and it was stated that I had osteopenia, related to over 12 years of prednisone and seroid use to treat my Sarcoidosis.



At the time I was seeing a Rhuemotogogist who was treating me for side effects like joint pain and swelling. I was told I didn't have osteoporosis yet, but to start taking the Fosamax to prevent it .  



I did but the issued reported above,meant I had to switch to another similar but milder medication , Actonel  and take it one lowered dose pill a week."
No benefits that I can see.  My doctor said it was not useful to do another bone scan to see if there had been a change in a year so I have no idea if there was any benefit.  I have been experiencing fairly severe leg pains for the past year and could not find out what they were from.  Did numerous tests, no results.  Then I saw on the insert that side effects could be muscle, bone or joint pain and when I read a comment on here describing dull aching in one leg in particular radiating down from the hip and below the knee. I thought...that is me!!!  So I am stopping this drug and waiting to see what happens with the new aches and pains.  Maybe it is this drug.  I hope so.	See above.	Took alendronate for osteoporosis for over a year.
It effectively prevented a pregnancy. And periods stopped immediately with rare and light spotting.	I had a few side effects. I got bad acne (which I haven't had since I was a teenager), and hair loss. I had lost 40 lbs before I began taking the shot. After my second shot I started gaining weight. I didn't change my eating habits in any negative way, and ended up gaining 20 lbs!	I received the shot once every three months for a total of a year. The side effects outweigh the benefits in my opinion. I don't plan on taking this drug in the future, or recommending it to anybody else. I am definitely doing more research before I take another birth control again.
My cholesterol levels were very high.  Te plan was to take Lipitor for one month and then see if the levels were lower. No benefits were identified because I could not take take  the medicine long enough to get a second  cholesterol test to measure for measuring any decrease in my cholesterol levels.  After having side effects, I did try to lower the dosage to 10m by cutting the pills in half, but still felt the bad effects.	At first, I did not associate my increasing tiredness and general lack of energy with the medicine. I just thought I was getting sick with a virus. Then, as time went on, I started to also experience muscle soreness and tightness.  By the time I started to think the way I was feeling might be related to the Lipitor, I realized, besides the physical symptoms,  I was in a state of depression.  As soon as I quit taking the pills, all the bad symptoms cleared.  A few days later, I tried taking less (half), but, again started feeling bad.	As previously stated, because my cholesterol levels were high, the doctor said I should take Lipitor for one month and then we would retest the cholesterol levels to see if the medicine was effective in lowering the levels. But, because I was unable to take the Lipitor for the entire month, the  second  cholesterol test was never taken.  After taking the Lipitor for about 10 days, I stopped taking it.  A few days later, I did try to take just half a pill.  But within days, the side effects started to return.
"Well, I had no babies. 



Also, skin was a bit clearer and breasts got about half a cup bigger (but that came with the rest of my body getting bigger, too)."	"I gained 10 lbs in just a couple months, I had period munchies all the time, and could always eat. I felt uncomfortable turning down food and seemed to have a never-ending appetite. This would subside during the sugar pill week.



I suspect, but am not sure, that Yasmin also gave me some vaginal dryness. I had frequent painful sex, would get raw very easily, and actually got a tear inside my vagina from sex. If we went at it twice a day it seemed I would need a day or two break just to recover. (None of this has happened before, so the doctor suggested I move to a lower dose pill.)"	Take once a day at the same time everyday.
There were no benefits. I was repeatedly told it wasn't working because I just hadn't been on it long enough and my dosage wasn't high enough. It did not help the depression at all and it was expensive.	Trying to slowly reduce the dosages so the medicine could be stopped resulted in very frequent "brain zaps." These felt like electrical shocks in the head any time I moved. The electrical shocks could be felt in my arm and chest sometimes as well. The only thing that helped was to lay down and be as still as possible, but even that did not stop the shocks. This went on for 6 months. The gradual stepping down of dosage was monitored by a doctor and was even done slower than normal but it did not prevent the "brain zaps." Headaches and some nausea also accompanied the shocks.	Started with 20mg and gradually increased to 50mg. After a year of treatment and no improvement the drug was eventually decreased and stopped.
well it was supposed to stop my painful periods from my endometriosis and its suposed to stop my endometriosis from growing.	depression, nausea, anxiety, heart racing, still in pain, still having painful breakthrough bleeding.	well ive been takin it everyday for 5 months and if one more doctor tells me "its gonna take some time" im going to break something. i start college soon (again, had to drop out due to my painful constant periods) so im getting real tired of feeling like dirt all of the time. its supposed to make everything better and it hasnt done jack crap. i also have to take opana for the pain (morphine pills) and im going into medical school and they dont like drugs in youre system
When I have flareups of pain, taking the meloxicam with the cyclobenzoprine and a good nights sleep would leave me pain free in the morning.	Extremely lethargic the entire next day, even if I took the meloxicam by itself	I am supposed to take the tablet once a day, however due to how tired I get for the entire next day, I only take as needed.  I did not figure out the problem with this drug until my son had to take it for something and he was totally wiped out as well.  So, I really try to use as little as possible, even though I have a permanent prescription for it.
Helped relieve anxiety	Dizziness, moodiness, anger and agitation	At first the medication seemed to work wonders in a very short period of time (a few days).  After about a week I began to get extremely moody - crying a lot, getting very angry and agitated.  It appeared that once the medication started building up in my system the side effects became worse and worse.  It was not worth it and I quit the medication within a few weeks.
My acne went away. I had horrible cystic acne and it finally went away. It took a bit, but thats fine.	Extremely dry skin. Almost reptile like as i started the cycle. Really dry eyes and lips, had a problem wearing contacts.	I would go to dermatologist, he would look over face, would do some sort of vaccum facial to clear pores. He would ask how i was doing. I would cycle on and off the pills. Once done with pills I would come in a few times and have the vaccum facial that he had at the office. I loved that part!
The benefits were to alleviate menopausal symptoms.  It did a very good job at that.	Severe bleeding to the point that I was four days away from a hysterectomy.  I stopped the HRT to prepare for the surgery and the bleeding subsided and eventually stopped. The hysterectomy was cancelled.	The patch was worn on the arm.
Elocon is definetely a very effective drug for treating dermatitis.  It clears up the condition in 4 or 5 days.  See next for side effects.	Eventhough Elocon is effective in treating dermatitis, if used for extended periods it can cause "steroid induced rosacea" and that can become difficult to treat as it does not clear up on its own.	After the dermatitis cleared up, I developed a rosacea that lasted for about 4 months.  I had to take oral antibiotics for an extended period of time to clear up the rosacea caused by the Elocon.  In summary, a very effective drug but must be used carefully and under strict medical supervision.
This drug did nothing for my acne condition. I had taken other antibiotics before - tetracycline and erythromycin with varying degrees of success.	I was obviously highly allergic to this drug as one morning I woke up and my lips were extremely swollen. I had to go to the doctor to make sure I wasn't going into allegy shock.	Doctor prescribed one pill per day of Minocycline for my acne. Took the drug for 2 weeks. Then I had the swollen lips reaction and stopped taking the drug.
the baby was totally cured in 7 days	because of the antibiotic several days after  appeared a severe yeast infection	"the baby was sick for 4 days already but her doctor didnt see anything serious.Her fever was already 104.4 and it was difficult to drop it. she couldnt eat nore sleep and was crying days and nights because her throat was very very sore.Finally we took her into emergency room and they found out that she has strep. they gave us cephalexin. the baby felt relief on her 4th day.she started to eat and play. no more fever. in 7 days, by the end of her treatment, she felt wonderful. the only problem was that several days after treatment she started to have an awful yeast infection.I beleive it was the side effect from antibiotic. it took us one more week to treat tha infection. 



I rated the cephalexin as 8 'cause it took 4 days to feel relief(i think its a lot) and the side effect was quite sufficient too.overall I liked this medicine."
I felt alot better about myself and not feeling depressed all of the time. Overall I do feel better about myself but I don't like the feeling from the side effects from this medication.	I had a bad headache, nausea, sudden feeling of cold sweats, insomnia, and stomach pain. I suggest that everyone that is going to take any depression medication, to seriously ask yourself if you even need it that bad because for me the side effects aren't worth taking the medication.	I am taking citalopram for depression. I do not advise anyone to take this medication at all. I am not a doctor but I know how this medication made me feel and its not good.
Phenergan was given to combat nausea due to chemotherapy. Was given one pill in the ER to try and stop vomiting. It did ease the nausea a bit.	It made me feel like I couldn't sit still even though I was very weak from constant vomiting. I felt like I had bugs crawling all over my legs. I also had to keep moving my legs.	One pill was given by mouth with water to ease nausea and vomiting. After about 20 minutes the side effects started.
Respiratory symptoms markedly improved	My joints appeared to lock. I had difficulty ambulating and moving my arms for a few days. It was severe. I could not rise from a chair.	About 5 years ago I had a serious recurring respiratory infection. I could not shake it, so my doctor - after using Augmentin and Septra, put me on Levaquin. The first course went well, with rapid resolution of my symptoms, but a few weeks later when the symptoms returned and I was given a second course of Levaquin, I began to have joint aches and pains which I attributed to my illness. By day 3 I could not rise from a chair. Both my mother and a close friend have had bad side effects as well. After treatment with Levaquin for 4 days, my mother began hallucinating and then had a heart attack and stroke, My friend has severe intractable pain which requires methadone for relief - after 1 course of drug.
none apparent	Over the course of three nights, within an hour or two of first taking it, I had heart palpitations, confusion, inability to concentrate, problems balancing, extreme tiredness, lasting muscle weakness, nightmares and sleeplessness, anxiety, rash, a sureness I was dying and not even caring! I have never had a reaction to any drugs, and I am furious that a drug like this would even be on the market.	I think my doctor was very irresponsible to prescribe this antibiotic without first having me try something else. I am now taking Clarithromycin and am doing fine with this drug. The mental side effects of Avelox have now disappeared, five days later, but I am still very weak and my joints hurt.
I was a post cardiac ablation patient with breathing difficulty from reactive airway disease (RADS) and a fast heart rate. Docs prescribed Ativan 1 mg per day to ease breathing. It did help ease feelings of suffocation.	Tried to stop taking 1 mg of Ativan per day after 10 days and had horrible withdrawal symptoms including blurred vision, shakiness, weakness, heightened sense of smell, nausea. Sick as a dog. Had to go to a rehab specialist to get weaned off.	Treatment to get off Ativan was to take .25 off per week for several weeks.
Due to extensive varicose veins, I was in pain, especially when standing. They were physically embarassing and I could not even wear sheer pantyhose. The surgery would eliminate pain and the ugliness.   I was told to take the drug before surgery to minimize swelling and to minimize pain. I do not like to introduce drugs into my body unless an emergency so I did not take it before the surgery, instead opting for Bromelain enzyme, ginger and tumeric to reduce swelling.	The side effects after the surgery were swelling and pain and possibly infection at the incision sites. About 10 hours post surgery, the pain became unbearable, and I decided to take one dose of acetaminophen w/codeine #3.  When I got up a couple of hours later to go and use the bathroom, I passed out in the bathroom. Lucky for me, my husband was nearby.	I had a large vein stripped from my thigh and smaller ones in the leg, due to pain and discomfort I had been experiencing. It was an outpatient procedure that lasted about 2 hours.
no positive benefits	mood changes, weight gain (4 pounds in 3 days!) extremely emotional. depression	I had been using the trade brand of this patch, Climara for several months with positive results.  One month my local pharmacy was out of the trade brand and offered to fill the prescription with the generic brand and because I was in a hurry to catch a plane to go on a vacation, I agreed, thinking they had to be similar.  Wrong!  To begin with, the generic patch is twice the size and thickness of the trade brand - don't even think of wearing tight clothes while sporting one of these!  (I laughlingly told my husband we could always use one to patch a flat tire if needed, but soon it wasn't so funny.)  Within a day or two I knew something was wrong, but hadn't yet identified the problem.  I couldn't stop crying about nothing in particular.  It seemed as if overnight, my world had become very sad and depressing. I immediately began to gain weight, despite no change in my dietary habits.  After finally putting two and two together, I ripped it off and contacted my local pharmacist to see if anyone else had complained of similar experiences.  After rechecking my prescription, the pharmacist noticed my physician had marked "no generics".  Apparently, he had a good reason for this choice as this was not his usual stance on generics.  The pharmacist refilled my prescription with the trade brand and all was quickly back to normal. I usually have no problem with genereic brands, but unfortunately, no more generic estradiol for me!
Taken only four days... not tested for benefits	Extreme pain in calf that soon extended to entire leg. Muscles were rigid. I still suffer leg pain after more than a year off the four doses of Zocor. Just visited Disneyword and did not realize till then how badly my legs hurt - day and night.	One 20mg tab for four days upon advice of physician
In saw immediate improvement in the clearing of my acne within the first week.	Yeast infection by day 7 despite eating yogurt and taking Acidophilus along with Doryx as suggested when I was prescribed the medication. The side effects definitely outweigh the benefits in this case.	I am following up with the derm tomorrow to see if there is an alternative treatment because I can not go through these side effects again.
none,pressure never came down to acceptable range and had wide swings throughout the day	pounding headache, nausea,  dizziness while walking and arising from bed/chair, spots in eye, uncontrollable eye tearing. The latter two are still present after6 weeks on not taking meds.	they didn't work even after dossage was increased, Monitored at home and in doctor's office, results were the same.
The synthroid medication did, for most of the ten years while I took it, keep my thyroid levels where they were supposed to be.	After taking this synthroid medication for a period of about 10 years, here is what happened.  We were on vacation in another state and all of a sudden I began to feel extremely horrible-- very weak, with a rapid heart beat.  We were getting ready to get on an airplane and come home.  So I thought if I can just get to my home town and get to a hospital, they can surely figure out what is wrong with me.  We arrived at our home airport and then we went straight to the emergency room, where they ran several tests and I was there for several hours, but they could find nothing wrong with me.  So they told me to go to my regular doctor the next day, which I did of course and he ran a blood test and found that it was the thyroid medication that was causing my problems.	"I was able to find an osteopathic doctor who put me on a natural thyroid, not a synthetic, he calld it a dessicated thyroid which came from an animal source, so I was able to get off the synthetic.  Then after being on that for a while, he was able to get me off of that and I took a natural supplement, L- tyrosine 

It was wonderful to get off of a prescription medication.  I hope this information may be helpful to someone out there."
My ability to focus improved and I was overall calmer.	Severe depression and thoughts of death.	I found myself staring at the wall more than anything else. I felt totally drugged. My personality changed from somewhat lively to something very dull. It was as if the medication numbed my senses. I discontinued Strattera after one month. I couldn't tolerate the depression anymore.
REDUCED AMOUNT OF CYSTIC ACNE	BALDNESS, SENSITIVITY TO SUNLIGHT, NIGHT VISION BLURRINESS	TAKE 1 PILL A DAY, BLOOD TOXICITY TESTS EVERY TWO WEEKS
The product did lighten the skin, which was the desired results. The was some redness and skin warming, but those side effects were tolerable.	I had an allergic reaction when used with benzoyl peroxide. My pores became enlarged, and were plugged with blackheads. My research found that when used with benzoyl peroxide, staining and pore enlargement might be a side effect, which I did suffer.	I was prescribed hydroquinone to lighten/even my skin tone prior to laser treatment of scarring due to acne. About two days in to the treatment, I noticed the pore enlargement and staining. After 10 days, I discontinued the treatment due to the side effects.
My allergy symptoms got much better. But thats what one would expect. There is not much more to say, i am just filling the "50 words", so go on reading.	Very high blood pressure	Since taking Zyrtec, my bloodpressure rose very high. First i did not recognize this was because of the Zyrtec, but discontinuing the drug brought back normal blood pressure.
none	"i ended up in the er, i actually felt like i was dying, tremors to the point i could not walk, tingling in hands and feet, feeling of empending doom, qrs changes on ekg, pvc's on ekg,palpatations in chest. increased heart rate and blood pressure. i will never take this classification of drug again. i had pneumonia in the past and was on levaquin for weeks and had no reaction.

i hope i never feel this way again."	er did ekg, ct scan, lab work and discharged me home later in the day
Reduction in pain. It pretty much wiped out the pain.	I wanted to scratch my skin off, I went crazy.  They stopped the med. right away and gave me vicodin.	It seems every time I am treated for pain in the hospital they want to give me percocet.  The reaction is very quick and seems to affect my arms the most.
even when i have a low day prozac made me still be able to laugh at funny fings, where as before wen i was nt on dem, if i had a low day nothing would make me smile.  I sleep less on them.	Loss of weight, considerably, feeling sick.  They made me stop sleeping so much, but and hour after taken dem id feel so tired.  I normaly have a high very very high libido, but since being on dem it has dropped considerably, and having an orgasm is hard and not as good.  I've found im very short tempered, and anxiety levels can get quite high at times.	to stay on dem till im in a better place
I had to stop the medicine because of the side effects and he got sicker (I know you aren't supposed to stop antibiotics for this exact reason).  He ended up on another antibiotic that worked well.	He's one year old, and his mood changed drastically.  He became agressive and mean.  Clenching his fists, growling, hitting his sister and pulling her hair and being totally uncooperative were our everyday behaviors.  He is normally a laid back, sweet child.  The pediatrition disagrees and says it wasn't the medicine, but I know it was.	He was supposed to take it for 10 days, but the behavior was out of control, so the pediatrition told me to stop it for 24 hours and see if the behavior changed.  I stopped on day 7 and within 18 hours, he started to improve- within 24 hours he was almost back to normal.  The pediatrition and pharmacist both say that it doesn't go to the brain, and therefore can't cause behavior changes, but SOMETHING in that drug definitely effected him.  I know my child and I watched him very carefully, I KNOW it was the antibiotic.  I won't be using it again for either of my children.
Kept me knumb to deal with problems and issues	Robotic demeanour	Used daily....enjoyed nothing...felt very little.
There were some good benefits, such as it would relax me and was able to get a good nights sleep.I felt more confident when taking this drug as it dulls your senses and changes everything into a positive.After a couple of months I became dependant on xanax as it made me feel good about myself.	There are many side effects that I experienced at different times.The worst side effect was that I would go into a rage and yell at my partner for the littlest things.Even though I was aware how bad I was,the anger inside of me took over and there wasn't any control.The morning dose always made me tired for the rest of the day, so I only took half a tablet to be able to function during the day.It is also a depressant which did not help me and is so ADDICTIVE that you actually fret about getting your next prescription.	Xanax is used to treat a number of illnesses such as Bipolar, Panic disorder and insomnia.It is effective but also has some serious side effects and in the end you have to outweigh the good against the bad. Normal dosage for Biploar and Panic disorder is 2 mg twice daily, which is a very strong dose.In the first few months that you take it be aware that it makes you extremely tired and on several occasions I have fallen asleep in public places!
Held me in a deep sleep and my muscle pain subsided.	"Grooginess in the morning. Low libido. Water retention with edema. I didn't realize it was the medication that caused the edena until I quit taking it. When I started back on the medication I immediately swelled with edema.



Initially, it was working well, then I developed weight gain and terrible edema in my ankles and legs. Sometimes it didn't make me sleepy and I doubled my dose. It literally made me green with nausea, but I was able to sleep."	"Lighter doses didn't work. My doctor gradually upped my dose until it was high enough to be effective. After 5 years, I decided to quit taking the medicine cold turkey. This was five months ago because of the low libido. I was a basket case, but it was out of my system in about four days. I later found out that you should go off it gradually with a doctor's supervision. Quitting, as I did, could cause you to be suicidal. It certainly was very difficult on me. 



During my time drug free, I developed anger issues, depression and wanted to hurt myself. My sleep became light again, causing muscle pain from lack of rest.



After several months drug free, I restarted the medication for insomnia. Immediately my ankles and legs swelled greatly with edema. The water retention and edema is still there even after several days of discontinuing the medication. Maybe this is because I took a high dosage. I plan to go back to my doctor and try something different."
initial drowsiness	After 12 hours from the first dose, I experienced dizziness even lying down, then nausea. I threw up periodically for the subsequent 12 hours, until it was completely out of my system.	Propoxyphene was prescribed with some hesitance by my surgeon, because I am allergic/sensitive to codeine products, and throw up with it as well. The follow-up call from the pre-op nurse advised me to discontinue (which I had already done) and try Tylenol instead. I had been able to tolerate Darvocet 14 years ago after a c-section. I am petite, at 5'4" and 104 lbs.
none - the benefit was supposed to be due to the fact that it wasn't a steroid cream	burning and itching worse than the eczema - I'd have to race to the shower and wash off remaining product - it was terrible	"apply twice daily

but I'd have to wash it off w/in an hour because it burned so badly"
eventual reduction in acne	made it worse before better, left me with scarring, dry mouth and hair loss	daily tablets
This does actually help calm you down and help you concentrate. My grades went upby a lot. I was calm and was doing much better on it (much better reffering to the ADD treatment) but there are so many negative side effects. In a way I regret ever taking it.	I developed an anorexia, I stopped eating and lost so much weight. I'm about 5ft. 6 now and weigh about 130 LBS. which is really skinny for my age and height. If I wouldn't have stopped I would be skin and bones. I got to a point where I lost color and I'm now way too skinny. Another side effect that I developed is insomnia. I have a VERY hard time sleeping. I can't fall asleep until about 1:00 and that's every night. It's horrible. Another side effect that's very serious, is development of depression. I had to go on anti-depressants because of the drug about 3 months after using adderall. It depresses you so much. After school I'd get home and be so depressed. I'd cry and just feel so misserable. I was seriously depressed. A fact that everyone should understand about adderall is that it's in a way a wattered down version of meth. The side effects are the same but not as severe. But it's still bad. It will mess up your teeth by giving you a VERY dry mouth, your weight and most of all your brain chemistry. I went from ADD to depression to now ADHD. I'm going back on stimulant drugs like adderall when school starts. I don't know how it'll work out because I now have a tolerance to it. And I'm getting new treatment. I don't know what'll happen or anything. But I just wantto get through school. Anyone that will be perscribbed to this should research on it and get the facts. Research for a long time. Not just one article reading. Get as much info as possible. The side effects are so severe that you should really know what you're exposing yourself to. They're all horrible. Especially the addiction that you get to it. I'm addicted to it and can't stop craving it. I feel like I need it so bad. It's been months and still I want it extremely bad. Be careful what choice you make. It gets the job done. Hut will screw up your life. This is just my experience. It may be different for you but still do your research.	I was on 20 MGS for a while then went up to 40 then more and went back down to 25.
reduced the pain and swelling	caused severe abdominal cramps and bouts of diarrhoea and constipation	given over a period of 3 years... at first daily and then, due to stomache irritation, reduced to use only when needed. Stomache problems evident when taking 3 a day for 2 or more days.  Given tab for coating the stomache.
I have found that I have been able to sleep better and my thoughts do not race like they did when I was not taking the lithium.  It has not made me as tired or hungry as other meds have which was a welcome surprise.  Still not able to focus as well as I had hoped.  I work full-time and hold an aditional part-time job and was worried that I was not going to be able to continue with these prior to beginning with this treatment.  I have been managing better since taking the lithium.	Blurry vision to the point where I now have to wear glasses.  My skin has acne and I didn't have it before.  I have to use a prescription to controle it.  My acid reflux is terrible and i have to use a prevacid to control that.  My skin is very dry and it has become so bad that if i don't moisturize it will bleed.  Mild tremmor.  Slight confusion and inability to concentrate sometimes.  My hair falls out more than it used to.  As my doctor says: it's a dirty drug.  However, I'm not a zombie and I can sleep so I can learn to live with the above.	I started at 150mg and slowly went up by 150mg every time the side effects calmed down.  Usually when I stopped tasting the metallic taste in my mouth I would increase the dose.  I've been on toprimate 400mg for one year.  Therapy with my psychiatrist twice per week (sometimes once per week due to scheduling conflicts).
The benefits if I had continued to take the Malarone for the entire two weeks would have been to not contract Malaria.  But the side effects were severe enough that I discontinued treatment and followed other preventative measures.	I had an overall sense of unwellness.  Nausea was constant even when the drug was taken separate from other drugs and with food/on a full stomach etc.  I felt almost flu like; ie the beginning of flu onset when you are not yet fully sick.	When I discontinued use (while still in a Malaria risk area) I relied soley on preventative measures.  I was in a night biting mosquito area (Thailand, Laos and Cambodia) so slept under a mosquito net.  Used mosquito spray in the room and used a special spray for one set of clothing for higher risk environments (ie jungle).  Also spoke with an Asian doctor at length about the Western philosphy vs Eastern for treatment.  His take was that Eastern doctors choose to treat malaria when it is contracted but Western take higher and higher levels of drugs to prevent contraction.  This may lead to drug resistant strains...
It helped with the muscle pain for most of the day.	I was unable to function for the majority of the day it got worse as the day went on. I felt like someone had drugged me. I slept but would feel like I was awake but paralyzed. My speech was slurred and could hardly move. This was all 8 hours into taking the medication. I had not taken a muscle relaxer for about 10 years and now I know why!	I was to take the medicine 1 tablet three times a day.
resolved the depression, but side effects where too troublesome to continue	"severe restless legs - especially at night. This made sleep difficult and I had to discontinue the drug. 

My doctor was NOT aware of this as a side effect of Prosac, and sent me to another doctor for an additonal consultation before he would change the medication. 

Now I believe the side effects are more well-known."	I suffered from depression after my mother committed suicide, and I sought treatment. I was given prozac, and no other treatment. I did research on treatment for depression and after suffering side effects from Prozac, I began using exercize to treat my depression. It works very well.
Had an abnormally increased sex drive and was subsequently diagnosed with breast cancer 8 months later.  Makes me wonder what the hell was in this drug.	Increased sex drive followed by a breast cancer diagnosis	"What more is there to say.  I had an unconquerable sex drive followed by a breast cancer diagnosis.  Came on this website to see if others had the same problem.  Haven't taken Zyban since and don't intend to.  Scares the crap out of me. Call if coincidence if you will but I don't.  Have been cancer free for 8 years.  Call me paranoid if you want but I will never take this drug again.   

 











s"
To reduce pain during periods.	High depression, anxiety attacks, heart palpitations.	The pill was nice  to keep you off your period, i took my pill everyday at different times, but the side effects were effecting the way i was living.  I couldn't handle the depression, and anxiety. I felt like i was losing it. During the pill use, i was getting dizzy spells, after a while i just felt like i couldn't handle going through a day.
How would I know?  I guess it prevented a bad infection.	None--until the 3rd to 4th day when I experienced HORRIBLE esophagitis. and heartburn which felt like a big air bubble in the middle of my chest---at first I thought it was a heart attack.	I know this was prescribed because I'm allergic to penicillin and was having dental surgery.  BUT given the side effects and the pain I would NOT take it again.  A pharmacist advised me to take Prilosec q.a.m. and an antacid between doses.  It helped a bit, but I would have asked for another medicine if it had been earlier in the treatment.
helped me sleep better but it si short acting for hours, Have to take another in the middle of the night. Helped reduce pack pain	"loss of memory of things done while on it

Short acting so had to get up and take some more"	"I was having trouble falling asleep and woke up tired to a nasal obstruction, Had surgery recently that has improved breathing and sleep.

At this point am still taking 10mg Ambien but hope to get off it soon"
blood pressure under control	Head itching, mouth and throat itchy swollen, cough, ringing in ears, bloating, extreme fatigue and depression.	"I have been off this medication for 2 weeks. No more itching/swelling, ringing. I still have some fatigue, but not constantly and hope that I will continue to improve.

While many people seem to take this drug without significant side effects, for some it is pure poison. Beware!"
None due to the short time taking drug.	Headache first morning at 4AM that was relieved with Excedrin.  Migraine headache with vomiting that lasted 14 hours.  Couldn't go to work that day and stopped taking it.	Not much to tell.  I was just starting treatment with Klonopin and Abilify with the goal of stopping Klonopin in 30 days and then seeing how Abilify was working.
Highly effective for sleeping.	Slept for 3 days. Very disoriented and groggy!	"not exactly what I had in mind. I wake up during the night at 2 or 3 or 4 am

and am unable to go back to sleep, I wanted the ability to sleep through the night. But I did not want to sleep for 3 days!

I think maybe the initial dose was too high. I only took one tablet and never took another one."
cleared acne, dried skin out considerably. Was very easy to use. Did not take much to use. No smell or fragrance.	created such redness and irratation my face looked worse from that then it did from the acne. Created cracks around my eye area that was very sensitive. My skin burned and stung. Skin became so dry it itched. I was embarrased by the redness and flaking. It almost looked like my skin was burned	apply nightly to clean skin
Not wanting a cigarette	"This is the second time 3 yrs apart Ive had this drug.The first time no problems apart from a dry mouth and stopped smoking for 18months.

This time as soon as I went onto two tablets a day severe mental problems,depression,shakes,insomnia,problems focusing,joint ache all pretty bad and all starting within a day of taking two tablets.I stopped straight away and the problems are slowly subsiding."	Id recommend being very wary when moving onto 300mg a day.At the first sign of problems stop taking them.That said the first time I had no problems at all.
I have arthritis in my spine and right foot.  Without the Meloxicam I'm in severe pain in my back, and my foot becomes so painful I can't put any weight on it.  So, walking becomes very difficult.  As long as I'm taking the medication, but regions do not cause me the severe pain I'm in without it.	Unfortunately, I wasn't always taking it with food, so not sure if that was the cause or I just developed side effects from the medication.  But, after being on it for a year and a half I developed severe stomach pains, and gas.  My stomach would swell as the day went on and became very hard and painful.  So I stopped taking the drug and those things went away, but my foot got so bad I couldn't walk, so now I'm trying it every other day, but still my stomach tends to become a bit upset.	My doctor prescribed Meloxicam (7.5) once a day, when it started to cause stomach pain he prescribe Previcaid to counter act the stomach pain, but that didn't really work very well.
Intended to produce more follicles to increase chances of conception, in combination with intrauterine insemination.  I had 5 rounds of treatment, though I'm not sure why the doctor chose to try this many times when none of the early tries were successful.  Some stimulation occurred - 7-10 follicles were stimulated with each treatment - but conception did not occur.	Visual disturbances (flashing light effects, blurring), mood swings, fluid retention.	Clomid was given on days 3-7 of the menstrual cycle, one 50 mg pill by mouth per day, at the same time each day.  Follicle progress was subsequently tracked via ultrasound.  Side effects were minimal with the first round of treatment, more severe with the 2nd onward.  I have no known allergies or sensitivities to other medications, other than topical iodine.
Lower blood pressure	I developed an intractable cough, and a post nasal drip.  Cough worsened daily to the point that I was unable to speak any full sentence without either a coug,h or tears coming to my eyes in an effort to not cough.	Capoten was to be taken 150 mg daily - in divided doses.  Propanolol was 20 mg twice a day, and the Hydrochlorothiazide was to be 12.5 mg daily. Blood pressure baseline was 180's over 110.  Resultant decrease was to 150s over 105.  Stopping the Capoten relieved the cough after about 3 weeks of being off the medication.
Mild to moderate relief of back pain	Addiction to the medicine. I could not stop taking it without experiencing physical withdrawal. [Sweating, night sweats, jumping out of skin, jittery nerves, lethargy, fatigue, depression.] I took it over a year just because I could not NOT take it. Finally, I quit cold turkey, suffered the withdrawal for about two days. Took over 8 months until the nerve jumps in my skin stopped at night.	I wanted a non-addictive drug since I am a recovering alcoholic so my doctor thought this was the ticket. The withdrawal was not worth the pain it initially alleviated. I would not have taken it had I known this would happen. I would have simply dealt with the back pain by altering my routine and lifestyle instead.
Some weight loss/craving control, lessened desire to drink	Tons of tingling in the hands/feet, intense hypersomnia (sleeping 16+ hours a day), increased aggressiveness, loss of appetite, lack of energy	Topiramate was given as a mood stabilizer for bipolar and BPD, ended up sleeping a great deal of the time, which I suppose stabilizes your moods if you're never awake to have them.
The discharge odour had gone however the yellow discharge I was comaing about remained, going back to doctors tomorrow to see what they say.	Severe nausea, metalic tase, sick to the stomach, loss of appetite, dizziness, feeling sick and mild headaches and cramps.	I have yellow dicharge and after 3 attempts of swabs it finally came up as bv positive, was prescribed metronidazole 500 3 times a day
Nil	"-Insatiable hunger (added about 3kgs)

 -Constant Fatigue/grogginess

 -Dry Mouth at Night

 -Vivid Nightmares

 -Complete loss of labido (lame)



I was pretty much miserable the entire time i was taking it, but was aware that it was supposed to start doing what it was supposed to after the first month or so, so I persevered."	"Taking before bed to help depression.



Coming off the drug I felt awesome. Within a few days my energy returned as did my interest in my girlfriend.



This drug was total crap.



I'm now taking temazepam to help with sleeping and that is working pretty good most nights, no side effects."
the benefits foe the pain was good, it helped the constant pain i was having in my muscles and the over all aching	sleepiness- fatigu memory loss- confusion-depression- trouble breathigng	good relief from pain  . i take 100mg. at bed time it helps me sleep well but am tired in the am. it makes me just want to lie on couch and sleep all day this makes my arthritis worse. am tired and draggy all day with no desire to do any thing, even the thing that have always interested me.am prescribed one 50g for daytimebut cannot tolerate it because i will sleep all day and be very light headed and unable to concentrate.
I did notice a slight decrease in the deep muscle pain that I normally experience.  There was no pain relief from the shoulder pain and neck pain.  No other benefits were experienced.	Form the onset I experienced a severe stabbing pain in my head followed by persistant headache for the remaining of the time i was on the medication.  I was plagued with upset stomach, constipation followed by diahrea, loss of balance, and the inability to remember words.  The night of the last day I took the medication I was unable to sleep due to the headache and therefore discontinued taking it.	I was prescribed 75 mf of Lyrica to be taken twice daily for seven days with and increase to 150 twice daily to follow.  Due to the side-effects I was experiencing my doctor discontinued this medication on the seventh day of treatment.
Lowered cholesterol well	Aching and weak muscles	Changed to another drug. Now taking Crestor
Reduce the infect quite a bit after the initial dosage. Made it easier to breath and reduced my fever and body ache.	I suffered from hallucinations and nightmares, also the tablet left a bad taste in the mouth for 7 to 8 hours. There was moderate sweating. However, the hallucinations made it hard to get proper sleep.	I was given 2ml of Methylprednisolone to reduce the inflammation of my sinusitis and to reduce the infect i was given Clarithromycin. I was ordered to take 2 tablets of 500mg once a day after meal.
Prevented pregnancy	I have bled for 3 1/2 weeks.  Began with huge clots and now minor spotting. Major moods swings.  I cry for no reason at all.  Breast are very tender. Decrease in libido. I donot like this BC.  Would prefer to use condoms.	This pill is suppose to provide 4 periods a year.  However it does not advertise break through bleeding that has lasted for more than 20 days.
i could sleep eventually due to long term insomnia. slow my thoughts down for the first 2 years.	for the first couple years on 600mg it would totally knock me out and i liked it because i was exuasted and it slowed down my thoughts. but after that it began to have an adverse effect where once it kicked in i would have a mild to moderate anxiety attack, then i would have to eat to ease the anxiety as it would make me very hungry, then i could finally sleep. but not well and very disturbed and interupted. exessive binge eating and sleep walking. blocked nose, and fearful of thoughts. wanted to get off for the past few years.	it was a catch 22 where i would feel extremely anxious ans hungry when i would have my dose. but if i didn't id feel even worse where i couldn't sleep and feel extremely aggitated and distressed. i recently come off of it which involved an admission to a psyc ward and was weened off in ten days which was way to quick. it was horrible but iv been mentally much better for the past 3 years and i was sick of all the side effects. getting off it after all these years was very hard and im currently taking diazapam temporarily until the withdrawls ease. my goal is to have natural sleeps. its very hard to get off, but now i feel that i am well enough it will be very worth the result. i needed it at the time i was prescibed it but hated taking it the whole time. it is a very strong drug and should be used with much caution.
Prevention of pregnancy, acne control, regularity of periods.  Took 2 years straight and never got pregnant.  Face had no acne problems whatsoever, very clear.  Periods were on time, usually run 5 to 7 days, but while taking the pill I knew when my period was getting ready to begin.  When I wasn't on the pill I was irregular and spotted often.	Severe headaches, nausea, increase in appetite, heavy weight gain.  My head hurt a lot.  I would have to take pain killers just to get through my work day.  Sometime when I come home I'd have to lay down.  I often felt sick to the stomach late nights or early morning and would be forced to eat something like a pregnant woman.  Doing this regularly caused me to gain weight.	28 day pack, 1 pill a day for prevention of pregnancy.  Prescribed 28 pills to take once a day for a year supply through my doctor till the next annual exam.
Started to work within 12 hours, much less pus and blood from nostrils. Pressure in face reduced with in 36 hours.	Severe nausea, bitter taste in mouth within an hour of first dose. IBS flare up within a few hours of taking the dose, abdominal pain and achy joints and neck.	Sinusitis diagnosed after 1 week of pressure headache and pussy nosebleeds. 1000mg per day for 7 days prescribed. Aggrivated IBS and caused severe nausea and bitterness in the mouth that disturbed sleep pattern. Also feeling of anxiety noted.
I found that the drug helped with mild depression/dysthymia.	I am not 100% sure that this was caused by the Citilopram, but I began to experience severe ringing (Tinnitus) in one ear. It has been a week since I tapered off the drug and the ear ringing has not yet subsided. The depressive symptoms have returned.	40mg citilopram one per day.
hot flashes were less frequent.  Libido was improved.  Uninterrupted sleep was more common.  Emotional balance was obtained	I put on a lot of weight right away and frequently had tourinate and itching in the genital area and high blood pressure was noted	Upon visiting my doctor for my annual ob/gyn she recommended hormone replacement therapy to begin immediately.
did not get pregnant	HUGE weight gain of 20 pounds, moody, loss of sexual desire, periods that lasted two weeks, tons of breakthrough bleeding. On top of all that I had tons of body issues due to the weight gain. 20 pounds is very noticeable on my 120 pound frame! I would not recommend this to anyone!	get the shot every 3 months
The treatment benefits of Vicodin (Hydrocodone and Acetaminophen) were relief of severe pain from surgical procedure.	The side effects included:  extreme dizziness, nausea, and disorientation.  Also experienced cold sweats.	Vicodin (Hydrocodone and Acetaminophen) was prescribed at one to two 500mg tablets every four to six hours.  The drug induced deep sleep, followed by restlessness, heavy nausea, and extremem dizziness.  Discontinued use of the drug after three days due to severity of side effects.
Not very many at all. My Blood Pressure is still high sometimes. Doctor advice me not to increase dosis.But I am scared to stop the medication by myself and have serious health problems.	Horrible headaches,sensation of fullness in my head,dizziness, nausea, extreme fatigue, permanent ear ringing sensation,insomnia.I feel cold most all the time even if it is warm in the room I am in or outdoors.	I want to clarify that except for the HBP I have never had these symptoms prior to taking the medicine.
reduced risk of stroke	excesive bleeding	14.5 mg daily
Detoxing effect by pushing out the system through the skin. Initially, toxins will come through skin in the form of acne/pus. Then, toxin is supposed to be expelled through bowel movement. The total duration treatment is 3 months.	Hairloss, extreme dry skin, itchiness, raises cholestorol level, damages liver. Patient must drink at least 2 litres of water per day. Patient must not go out in the Sun during treatment period. Patient must not eat fatty food as Roaccutane increase cholesterol level. Patient must not consumer alcohol as it will definitely and possibly permanently damage his/her liver.	Treatment period is 3 months/12 weeks. Dosage is 2 tablets after meal, 3 times per day. Patient is to have a blood test every 4-6 weeks to monitor liver function as well as cholestorol level amongst other side effects.
