	Although this type of birth control has more cons than pros, it did help with my cramps. It's also effective with the prevention of pregnancy. (Along with use of condoms as well)	I Hate This Birth Control, I Would Not Suggest This To Anyone.
	I think that the Lyrica was starting to help with the pain, but the side-effects were just too severe to continue.	See above
	after taking propecia for over a year, starting when i was 20 years of age my hair continued to thin, and i noticed no significant benefits	one pill once daily
	Aldara did seem to crust up my previous skin cancer area and help minimize my scar from MOHS surgery for skin cancer. Due to the side effects I could only tolerate for one week opposed to 6 week regiman.	I used 1/4 of a packet(5% cream) on just my nose every other night and on alternating nights I put on an entire packet on my entire face.
	don't know yet back to pediatrician today	Thanks
	It seemed to work at first, but then the side effects started. Fatigue, severe memory loss, poor decisions, urinary incontinence, personality changes (crabby, irritable, withdrawn). The hard part is I can't seem to get off this stuff!! The withdrawals are horrible, shakiness, feelings of doom, loss of appetite, nausea, palpitations. It scares me so much that I just start taking it again. I'm stuck!! Don't ever start this stuff, there is something wrong with it. I don't know if I will ever be myself again.	Lyrica 150mg twice a day
	I have A-typical migraines which gives me weird sensation in my ears such as roaring and the sense that they are vibrating.  I also do have headacheds that seem to come from ears and the back of my neck.  It help me feel better and started to decrease my symptoms but side effects were worse than original symptoms.  It helped me to ignore my symptoms and helped me to get through the day.	stopped medicine, looking for something else to help.
	The med. controlled my seizure disorder.	Treatment was to take the med. daily. It controlled the seizure disorder but the side effects were too much for me. I talked to the physician after two years and said it's gotta go. He then prescribed Lamictal and I lost 40 lbs. in one month--simply by stopping the Depakote.
	The drug reduced the frequency of acid reflux events and the associated pain	This drug was fairly effective after one week's use week but did not cure the reflux completely and the side effects were very debilitating. I experienced a rebound effect after stopping which lasted for approximately four weeks. After having an endoscopy I was diagnosed with gastritis.
	My pain and anxiety were considerably lower. I felt like any situation was controllable and I was much more effective at my daily tasks.  The panic attacks, chest pains, and severe worry were almost completely gone. An added benefit was that muscle pain that I always seemed to have was also gone. I rarely had to take any pain meds. It seemed like a miracle.	60mg once a day. I took every morning.
	The benefits are that it does take away night sweats and hot flashes.	Change the patch twice a week.
	I have slightly high blood pressure on the diastolic side. Lotrel did a good job at maintaining good levels without increasing my pulse which I experienced with other BP meds.	Currently my physician has taken me off of my BP meds to allow the Petechiae to fade, and to ensure that the reaction was indeed related to the Lotrel. It has been 4 days and slowly the rash and redness is mellowing.
	I didn't take the product long enough to evaluate the benefits. I quit because of side effects.	When my cholesterol was found to be slightly elevated, my cardiologist put me on Lipitor. The first week was fine. The beginning of the second week I began to have sore muscles all over. By the end of the second week this was so bad I could hardly get out of bed in the morning. So I quit the Lipitor (did not consult the doctor on this); in the AARP magazine (or else newsletter, not sure which) there was a question for the medical doctor about possible natural replacements for the statin medications and he recommended Red Yeast Rice. I found a product with that and a few other cholesterol-lowering supplements (primarily CoQ-10) ad have been taking that with no side effects. I am due for another blood test in a couple of weeks, so we will see how well it has been working.
	Finally clear skin and less oil!  Prior to accutane I HAD to wash my hair daily it was so oily  but now I easily an go a day or two.   My face and back were perfectly clear.	You have to really want it to get it!  For females it is a pain because you have to do two initial pregnancy tests and then continue ever month to get a refill.  They also monitor your blood for possible liver toxicity and your hdl levels.  It is one pill 2x daily.
	There were no benefits, only bad side effects in that the drug significantly worsened my ability to breath.	Singulair was intended to address my Asthma and constant coughing due to allergic asthma; instead Singulair made my symptoms much worse.  Singulair significantly increased shortness of breath and fatigue--even during inactivity.  Due to the worsening of symptoms, I only took Singulair for two days.  Unfortunately, it took a few months before I was able to get back to my baseline (where I was prior to taking the drug).
	I stopped smoking after one week of starting the treatment. I never picked up another cigarette. The cravings for the sensation of smoking, as well as the craving for nicotine were short and sharp, and lessened within a short period of time. I was able to sit with another smoker and not smoke ( or want to smoke) within one and a half weeks of stopping. Incidently I lost 4 - 5 Kgs within 4 weeks of taking the drug.	I took one 150 mg tablet for seven days, stopped smoking on the sixth day. As prescribed I took one tablet twice a day for six weeks. After consulting the doctor over my cncerns of the side efeects I took one 150 mg tablet a day for the next four weeks.
	apparently lowered cholesterol and blood pressure	In place of the Caduet, which I stopped against the objections of my internist, I am using natural substances such as policosanol, CoQ10, and pycnogenol.  I am also losing weight, and have professional therapy to try to regain strength in my knees.
	I suffered from acid reflux symptoms which included mild stomach upset and a full feeling after eating. Prevacid eliminated these symtoms very effectively to the point that I did not need repeated doses of over the counter anti-gas medication and antacids.	Prior to taking Prevacid, my symptoms required daily doses of anti-gas medications and occasional antacids. Although Prevacid was very effective, I discontinued use of it and switched to over the conter Zantac because of the side effects. As a note, I am very sensitive to medications and often experience side effects from different medications and thus refrain from any unless experiencing severe symptoms.
	"Without question, Actiq is an extremely effective drug if you are in chronic severe pain and have no responsibilities.  Actiq relaxes the body and the brain becomes numb and able to handle ongoing pain effectively.  It is fast acting in the subcutaneous, ""lollipop"" form and within minutes you are comfortable.

The flavor is also quite pleasant."	"Actiq should only be taken by individuals who are in severe, chronic pain where

tolerance to the drug will not become problematic.  It needs to be closely monitored and locked away out of reach of children or any adult who may have problems with addiction.

My  chronic  pain condition was followed by a Pain Center at a reputable hospital.  The use of opioids were used only after all other treatments for

my condition had failed.

Unfortunately, once Actiq was introduced to me, my medical problems worsened, although my pain was under control.  I was unable to function responsibly, began dealing with symptoms of withdrawal whenever I didn't take it, which at times became worse than my actual pain and discomfort.  I became more of a patient to my family and on a side note, at age 40 lost 4 molars due to the ingredients present in the ""lollipops"" I was taking.

I had no choice but to be hospitalized for an inpatient medical detox in order to safely get this horrible drug out of my body.  Fortunately my husband and I were fortunate enought to have the money to go through this detox program.

I have no memory of 2 years of my life, thanks to an ignorant, negligent doctor and the drug, Actiq.  

Believe it or not, my painful conditions are now completely under control now, and I am able to care for my husband and children, and work!  After my experience with Actiq I no longer believe in the use of pharmaceutical products as a whole, and owe my good health to diet, exercise and several natural supplements.  I have never felt better in my life!"
	Treatment cleared up the infection.	NA
	The treatment benefits from Topamax did not outweigh the side effects.  There was minimal reduction in vocal tics caused by Tourette Syndrome and significant reduction in appetite that led to weight loss of approx. 20 lbs.	Topamax 50 mg was prescribed at bedtime for reduction of severe vocal tics.  Medication was prescribed by a neurologist.  The side effects far outweighed the benefits of this medication.
	NONE	This is by far the worst medication I have ever taken. I got no help, in fact the problem got much worse and the side effects were unbearable!
	Cleared acne	Oracea 40 mg QD for 4 days.  Is clearing the cystic acne on face but will be discontinuing due to the pain and discomfort in joints and back.  Feels like the flu, which I do not have.  This discomfort is being caused by Oracea.
	According to her & what I was able to observe  there was not much benefits to this treatment  .	"She had to take anti-nauseated pills  for the nausea  , dizziness  plus other   pills for the ringing in the ears . 



 She succeeded after two   agonizing months  & will never take prozac again.

 

 I think every doctor should inform patients of the withdrawal side effects of this  drug ."
	The drug caused the iris to contract so that the drains that relieve fluid buildup causing high pressure are pulled open.  While using the drug the pressure in my eyes remained stable but high.  It had the added benefit of sharpening my vision for a long time so that I did not need to wear glasses for reading phonebooks,etc.	The drug in drop form was put in each eye three times a day.  It was a nuisance to have to carry it with me for mid day application.  The chemicals in the drops sting and leave your eyes watering for a minute or so.  Otherwise it was easy to use, although the proper technique for putting in the drops without touching the eyeball takes a little practice and a steady hand
	A more positive outlook and much easier social interaction.  Introversion diminished and friendly extroversion became more natural.  It was easier to start and finish projects because energy previously wasted on negative thoughts and actions was now available for constructive purposes.	Just the one pill each morning.  This medication is such a double-edged sword that I could not recommend it.  The long term dangers of sustained treatment are too great, as evidenced by the severe withdrawal effects.  It really 'rewires' your brain and those effects may be unpredictable from person to person.
	initally taken to stop smoking and the cravings did go but i still continued to smoke a few a day.	was prescribed after reaction zyrtec and prednisone
	None	I lucked out finding the answer in an online newsletter that warned Crestor users of this problem which the manufacturer claimed was "very rare". My doctor told me to stop it immediately, gradually I got better. I still cringe when I see Crestor advertised on TV or in a magazine...
	I felt less sadness.	I took a whole 10 mg tablet the first time and I wasn't right for two days.  I then took just a quarter of a 10 mg tablet and got the same reaction, but it only lasted for about a day. I was through with it a that point.
	Decreased hot flashes, minimal mood swing and axiety.	Ive been on the Vivelle patch about 3 month's now. Prior to the patch I was on a sublinqual tablet but that wasnt working so I tried the patch. Te only side affect fromthe patch is severe appetite loss. Some days I have no desire to eat at all not even a craving. This is starting to concern me considering that I'm not trying to loose weight at all. Ive lost about 3 pounds already and about 115 pounds at 5ft tall so this is a problem. Wondering if anyone else has experianced this and have any suggestions? Spoke with the pharmacist and he stated that it may go away but try it for another month. He didnt sound to sure about it either.
	overall more at ease mantally was the only true benefit I felt.	I was being treated for adult rheumatic fever with antibiotics and steroids and paxil.  I had a very hard time coming off of the paxil and I was very uncomfortable on it. The mental benefit was not worth the physical detriment.
	When I first began taking the pill my periods were regulated and I did not cramp nearly as much.	Since I have finally found out that bcp have been causing me so many problems I have decided to d/c use of them. The pill worked for the past 4 years, but the last 4 have been unbearable! I am quitting bcp ASAP!
	smoother cheeks, skin, No other benefits.	use 1 x / day--stopped use. Easy to use.
	The Zyprexa minimized agitative outbursts	Since many of these s/s are also s/s of the disease-Lewy Body Syndrome Demenia, it took research and experimentation by me and the MD to realize that it was the med adn not the disease in this case.  The pt has been taken off the drug and no longer has these pronounced s/s.
	I saw almost no benefits to this treatment with re: acne, though possibly there was exfoliation or collagen benefit. I believe it exacerbated my acne. On the mornings after the nights I used the cream, my acne seemed to come out much worse (particularly on the chin & jaw area where the condition was the worst).	"The cream was supposed to minimize my acne, but I think it did the opposite. Just putting the cream on was very painful & stung up front. 



At times, my face would peel for entire days (again primarily on the chin - or entire jawline area). 



As I saw it, the Retin A reacted negatively with whatever hormonal issue was causing the acne. 



I was forced to use injestable treatments, because Retin A did not work (antibiotics and birth control)."
	cholesterol and trigl. went down	"used tablets for 2 1/2 years, did not realise that the cramps after 1 year could be a side effect so i kept on taking the tablets, still didn't realize it when i got these enormous swollen legs. 

By the way Ezetrol gives me dizzyness (vertigo) so I chucked him away too."
	I am able to get good restful sleep and that is so important in my pain management.	Pain management, I take one to two pills a day as needed.
	I started this medicine to help my acne, but after a couple of weeks there was no improvement at all.  In fact, my skin was worse. I've taken other antibiotics in the past and they were much more effective at clearing up my skin.  So I stopped taking the Solodyn.	none
	I could not see any benefits. I certainly did not feel any more emotionally balanced or stable than before.	"I was prescribed this medication when the medication I had been taking for 2 and a half years became ineffective. I was not informed of any side effects. Every time I went to my GP to discuss symptoms which I was worried about, they just patronised me.



I no longer take any medication for my condition and although I do not consider myself to be well, some of my symptoms have reduced. The others such as incontinence, dry skin, lack of natural seretions, I am just trying to live with or trying to find products which I hope will one day help me."
	ABSOLUTLEY NONE FOR ME.	I SUFFERED A THORACIC HERNIATION WITH SPINAL CORD COMPRESSION AND UNDERWENT A DISCECTOMY BUT UNFORTUNALY 3 MONTHS LATER SCAR TISSUE GRABBED A NERVE AND I UNDERWENT A RHIZOTOMY TO SEVER THE NERVE. I WAS LEFT WITH SEVERE DEEP NERVE ROOT NEUROPATHY OF THE SPINAL CORD. THE TREAMENT WAS NARCOTICS AND AN ANTI-SEIZURE. THE NEUROTIN WAS BEGAN IMMEDIATELY BUT AS DESCRIBED ABOVE WAS NOT EFFECTIVE AT ALL FOR PAIN RELIEF. IN FACT, IT EXACERBATED MY PAIN. I AM NOT BEING EVALUATED FOR A SPINE STIMULATOR.
	At first, could actually sleep. The sleep issue has been life long and various natural things helped but not always.  As stress increased, nothing helped,not even the Ativan.	"Very simple, just take drug at night before bed.  Doctor prescribed for no more thatn 3 nights per week, but as sleep deprivation increased, so did the taking of the Ativan.  Sublingual helped better than pill.  Took drug up to 5 nights per week.  

Ran out of Ativan at some point and realized after a 3-4 days that was sleeping better and felt better mentally, emotionally and physically.  Realized that the drug had severely affected his personality and motivation.  sex drive and pleasure increased with each week off the Ativan.  Swore to never use it again because the difference in how he felt was like night and day, once he got off the pills."
	I did not experience any benefits whatsoever.	The drug was prescribed as an anti-psychotic to ease the unrealistic thoughts I was having despite taking prozac.
	good unless a stop for a few days	am not sure the benefits are worth the side effeects. has caused a terrible change in my life style. the relief from the pain is good enjoying but the side effects keep me from enjoying the things i love, i just want to lie on the couch and sleeping all the time and the depression is terrible even though i take an antideppressant
	My allergies were a little better.  My nose was not as runny.	I took the pill once a day for seasonal allergy symptoms.
	relieved pain at first but quickly became tolerant and wouls wear off hours before the next dose was due	Please becareful with this drug because it will produce horrible withdrawals and most Doctors will have no mercy for you and you will suffer greatly.
	4 periods a month 3-5 lbs weight gain	1 PILL A DAY ON THE 3RD MONTH YOU WOULD GET A LIGHT/SPOTTING PERIOD THAT LAST 3-5 DAYS AS NORMAL..OVER TIME THERE WILL BE NO PERIOD..
	No apparent benefits.  Had virtually no effect on my depression and it quickly became intolerable to use.	Had virtually no effect on my depression and the side effects were intolerable.  Took it at bedtime but was still quite groggy throughout the day.  Gained about 25lbs before I stopped it.
	the xanax has a calming effect, and takes the edge off the effexor side effects.	effexor xr 75 mg. 3 times per day, at present.  hoping i will find something to help. i don't even know what drug to suggest.  i've been on prozac, and zoloft. the zoloft worked for 5 years, and it just stopped working also. tried paxil for short term. it made the anxiety worse for me.
	nothing noticeable really, night sweats improved (slightly), memory, not as fuzzy	Change patch every 7 days. Very difficult keeping the patch on. I'm going to ask the Dr. for different type of patch. Heard Vivelle is smaller and stays on bettetr.
	skin looked healthier with fewer break outs and was smoother. I noticed pores becoming smaller	apply at night 30 minutes after cleansing. Used a pea size amount. Followed with a moisturizer. Used sun block in the morning
	I took the drug shortly after having my tooth pulled.  I never noticed a great amount of pain, and contribute this to the laughing gas and novicane during the proceduce, and taking the vicadin shortly after the procedure. I took the vicadin drug twice because after several hours I started to feel pain again.  It was effective in reliefing my pain.	The prescription was given to me prior to having my tooth pulled.  I never filled the prescription because I really did not notice any pain.  After the procedure, I immediately went to have the prescription filled.  I took the medication while I was still numb from the novicane.  As the novicane wore off, and the two tablets I took wore off, I took the vicadine once again.
	I noticed hair regrowth in small amounts but did not know my genitals were shrinking.  A friend told me of his testicles shrinking on the drug and so I examined myself and realized that what once was, was no more.	1mg a day
	it controls my anger pretty good.	i started out on 1 mg a day. then this clinic upped it to 3 mg once a day.. this is over a 10 yr. period. finally in 2009, this MD upped it to 6 mg a day, just in case. that is it. i am a zombie. i am trying to cut back to 3 mg, a day. i have NO LIFE!!! my wife seems to hate me because of loss of sex.. i dont blame her.. there are other anti-psychotics out there. resperidone is the WORST one...
	When i was having a severe reaction normal antihistamines would not stop it so i needed to use panfacort which stopped problem within 30 minutes and the residual effects lasted on a a day or two.	Took this when i had idiopathic urticaria and angiodema. At first it wsa prescribed inthe short term to try to "Dampen" my immune system but it didnt help. I kept using then sporadically to help when a severe reaction was coming on or i needed to be problem free for the day. Helped at the time but was not a long term solution
	My sinus infection felt better, although being unclogged, I constantly am spitting up mucus (especially after eating or drinking anything but water).	twice a day , 7 days
	Definitely made me fall asleep. Very fast acting, about 10 minutes after taking it, I feel groggy.	Recreational drug. Not worth the side effects for the benefit. Try something natural, tylenol PM, or any other sleep aid but this one!
	Immediately took the pain from the Strep away.	The side effects were so terrible, never felt so badly in my entire life. WOuldnt recommend for anyone unless they have a strong stomach
	Less depression.  Had more energy to do things.  Able to get involved in activities that I would otherwise not engage in.	I would see a psychiatrist once a month.  The doctor would ask me how I was feeling and would change the dosage if neccesary.
	After a month taking, the cyst is shrinking considerably. It was a few cm big. By the end of three months, the cyst was completely gone. I'm cyst free since then.	The treatment was easy enough. The gynaecologist prescribed Danazol for the ovarian cyst I had and it was very effective. The cyst was gone and didn't come back too.
	Solodyn virtually eliminated any acne I had, both on my face and body.  It took about a month to see dramatic results, but some results were visible within a few days of starting the medication.	I took one pill every morning at the same time each day.
	I initially switched over from Axert since my insurance covers more of the Imitrex prescription.  Imitrex just isn't right for me.  I experienced almost all of the side effects such as flushing, sensations of tingling/prickling, weakness, drowsiness, dizziness, and fast/pounding heartbeat.  On top of that the packaging is just HORRIBLE!  It comes 9 to a package.  The packaging is a tri-fold "booklet" that is very rigid and has individual blisters for each tablet.  It's about 6 1/2 by 3 1/2 inches, folded.  I  like to have migraine meds on me at all times so I ended up cutting the tablets out of the booklet so they would fit in my wallet or purse.  Definitely going back to Axert!	Take 1 tablet by mouth. Max 2 tabs per 24 hours.
	None	Patient was being weened off of 3600mg/day of Neurontin on to Lyrica. As the dosage taken of Neurontin lessened and that of Lyrica increased so did the side effects. Patient was taken totally off of Lyrica and, successfully, placed back on Neurontin.
	A total of 20 pounds lost in one month.	Take one 35mg pill in the morning and one after lunch to curb appetite.  I fond myself able to stay more active and run longer at the gym. It's a toss up if the results were worth the side effects.  It's obvious that a drug this strong that makes you want to run a marathon and not eat can't be good for you!
	The drug helped to decrease hyperhidrosis	The drug is not intended for hyperhisdrosis. However, it was prescribed for its side effects to help my hyperhidrosis. Whilst it was somewhat helpful, the side effects were very significant such as very dry mouth, throat, dry eyes, burning sensation when urinating.
	There was a minimum amount of pain reduction.  I believe the medication works neurologically and you do not realize you still have pain.  The side effects were so severe I was afraid to drive the car.  My memory and thought process was deeply distrubed and I still felt pain. My thought process changed so quickly during a mid sentence I sounded as if I was on drugs.  The side effects were just not worth tolerating for the small benefit.  I could not help but think with the way this is making me feel mentally what is the effect it is really having on me.  This medication was meant for Diabetics that suffer nerve pain.  I feel sorry for someone who would need to remain on this medication if it was helping reduce the pain.  As all medications it is not going to correct the underlying problem just address the symptoms associated with the problem.  I would not recommend anyone take it.	Prescribe to me by my DO as the newest drug for Fibromyalgia she did not know how the drug worked but wanted to me to try it to see if it reduced my muscle pain.  I took myself off the drug because the side effects were to severe and they did not lesson over time.
	I was not able to use the cream long enough because of the side effects.	Application of cream nightly 15 minutes after washing.  Product information advised waiting, but it still burned and itched when applying it after waiting.  it had no real visible effect during the time I used it.  I gave it a 2 instead of 1 because I felt a very subjective glimmer of potential improvement at the end of the period, but not enough to overcome the pain.
	I assume this birth control prevented pregnancy effectively. My boyfriend and I used it as a back up.	switched pills
	for vaginal bacteria with foul smell, I dont know if the treatment is effective it is only 2 days but then I started yo have to side effects	300 mg 2x a day for 7 days took it for 2 days only from 9-1-11 to 9-2-11
	the benefits foe the pain was good, it helped the constant pain i was having in my muscles and the over all aching	good relief from pain  . i take 100mg. at bed time it helps me sleep well but am tired in the am. it makes me just want to lie on couch and sleep all day this makes my arthritis worse. am tired and draggy all day with no desire to do any thing, even the thing that have always interested me.am prescribed one 50g for daytimebut cannot tolerate it because i will sleep all day and be very light headed and unable to concentrate.
	none, only took one pill and found that the side effects do not warrant continued use.	Will not take pill again.  The side effects of loosing a nights sleep, having severe head pain, and feeling like throwing up will result in not taking another pill as this drug does not agree with patient.
	There really weren't any - I didn't feel any better as the stressors in my life were still there.  I did not feel any relief from the depression, as a matter of fact, I felt worse.	I really wasn't comfortable with taking Prozac in the first place - I had a crappy HMO doctor who thought giving me a pill would solve my problem.  I really just needed a change in my life (job, living in DC) to reverse my depression.  In other words, I think my depression was situational, not a chemical imbalance.  I know that these do work for many people, but I think it's imperative that a person know WHY they are depressed before they hit the pharmacy.
	None, presum,ably b/c I had to quit taking the drug before the prescription was completed due to side effects/ possible allergic reaction.	Was supposed to take the drug for 2 weeks but had to stop after 3 days because of itchy rash and difiiculty breathing.
	This was a the easiest birth control that I have ever used, I like the idea of worring about it only once a week	1 PATCH CHANGED WEEKLY
	Singulair seemed to work well at controlling my allergies. I the beginning I didn't notice any side effects.	In the begining Singulair seem to work well controlling my allergies, however I slowly developed strong depression side effects. I've never had problems with depression before. The effects of the drug were slow and hard to notice any day to day change. However all depression side effects ended immediately when I quit taking Singulair. I'll never take this drug again.
	none except....slowed heart rate. My afib was NOT diminished, but I assume the drug was helping keep my heart rate when in Afib down somewhat	once a day 25 mg
	Prevented pregnancy, completely cleared up my (moderate) acne.	Typical: 1 pill per day.
	Botox was administered to help reduce the lines appearing on my forehead and at the outer side of my eyes- crows feet.  The 100 and 50 unit injections were effective in reducing the lines for a period of about 5 months, but there were noticeable adverse reactions with the 100 units.  The 50 units were as effective but without the spasms noted under Treatment Details.  OF the 2 times 50 units were injected,  the last time the botox had been reconstituted for more than the recommended 4 hours.  There was concern of effectiveness, but actually it seems as though the botox was more quickly effective, and seemed more effective in reducing the lines that the previous 50 unit injection.  More detail is covered under the treatment details.	"The first use of botox was 100 units. Injections were 5 injections on the upper-mid forehead. 3 injections were given around the outer side of each eye. Within 2 hours it was difficult to close my eyes.  The forehead was totally stiff. Upon smiling and talking my cheek muscles were noticably twitching.  Eye lids twitched, friends noticed my face spasming.

   I make note of this issue because of the fact concerning the stability of the botox.  I realize that botox is available in 50 or 100 unit vials, which are then reconstituted. The nurse stated that he had to use all of the botox (apparently he only had the 100unit vial)because it would be instable after 4 hours.    

   Since this time, I have had 50units of botox at two different times, injected in the same areas stated above.  There was no adverse spasms, be definite ""freezing"" of the forehead muscles.  The 100 units and 50 units lasted about 4-5 months before lines started to appear again due to frowning, smiling, etc.   I recently had only 10 units injected mid-upper forehead in 2-3 injections. Upon raising my eyebrows I needed (I thought) injections more lower mid section since the upper forehead did not move.  After one month, I find that I have a few lines above my eyebrow but in general, my forehead is less lined.

  My MAIN CONCERN is :  if physicians, agents  have only 50 - 100unit vials available, and they are only injecting 1 client, what do they do with the residual.  Is this why there is such a high cost  $11 - $15 per unit??  It makes me wonder if physicians are freezing or using the botox beyond the 4 hour expiration time.  Have manufacturers ever thought of packaging smaller unit packages to assure clients are getting ""the real"" stuff.  This last physician did not have the manufacturer's bottle for me to see, only a small syringe already pre-filled."
	None. The Cipro appeared not to work for my skin infection.	I was approximately 44 years old. When fertilizing my garden, the wind kicked up and blew the fertilizer all over me. After washing it off, the skin on my midsection (around the stomach area) began to itch and turn red. Shortly afterwards, blisters appeared and the skin began to be infected. My doctor prescribed Cipro, which not only did not work but caused my lips to be extremely swollen, so swollen that the skin on my lips split in a few places and bled. I could actually easily see my swollen lips by simply casting my eyes downward. I stopped taking the Cipro and reported the condition to my doctor, who was at a loss to explain why the Cipro did not help my skin infection.
	None at all; my acne went from mild to severe. I woke up everyday with big new, painful whiteheads. Each time a group of pimples went away, several new ones formed immediately. I also have oily skin, and I read that Retin-A rapidly reduces oil; my skin is just as oily as the day I started and my acne is as bad as when I was a teenager.	I applied it every night before bedtime.
	I took the Keflex before my dental apppointment because of Mitral Valve Prolapse.  I did not get a heart infection.	I took the Keflex one hour before my dental appointment. I got my teeth cleaned.  On my way home, I started itching all over my body and developed  a slight rash with reddening.  I also felt like I could not breathe or get enough oxygen. So instead of going home, I went to E.R.  They gave me an injection (I don't remember the name) and told me to use Benadryl at home for a couple days.  If it got worse, the doctor said to return to E.R.
	anxiety and nervousnees diappeared. was able to engage in social activities with no fear.was mor functional on the job, procrastination and econd guessing myself was to a minimal. low self esteem was elevated , did not have such a poor view of myself. i felt calm and confident	after dealing with postpartum depression for a full year i sought treatment, also the aversion to wanting to go into public or talk to people was present. The therapist put me on paxil since it could help fight bothe conditions at the same time. Cognitive therapy was also applied but not helping. the drug paxil took affect and i was feeling fine for first month and a half, afterwards the decline of emotions was subconsciuosly worrisome (guess you can't kill all anxiety) i knew my apathetic behavior was not healthy and decided too much emotion was better than none. I discontinued my treatment this was in 2004
	None really.  At the beginning it did relieve the pain and helped me to sleep.	There aren't any treatment details.  The pain management physician prescribed the medication each monthly visit and increased the dosage not long after introducing the drug as treatment.  These kinds of physicians are really drug dealers cloaked in an DEA approved office.
	There were no treatment benefits from this particular drug.   My nausea was not controlled at all, in fact I felt more nauseaus after taking the medication.	Ambulance officers gave me pain relief and this settled my stomach of the knotting and cramping/pain.  This also settled the feeling of doom.   In emergency, after numerous examinations and questionning, abdo xray, I was given IV hydration x 2 litres and Ondansetron IV x 2 - 8 hours apart.  I was observed in emergency overnight and went home the next morning with no side effects at all.   Never will I take maxalon again!
	No benefits, only very bad side effects (see below)	Once I applied it for my dermatitis (the doc. prescribed it to me because she said it was non-steroidal), there was redness and tinging on the side of the application, which I thought was a normal side affect that should go away on its own. I kept applying it diligently as prescribed. In c couple of days there was a rash on the area  ( I called the doctor about it and she said to stop using it for a couple of days and then apply it , since that might have a been a  normal side effect). I did what she told me to, so I reapplied the drug again in a couple of days, there was redness and irritation and then later on the following day I had a cold sore developing on the spot (the affected area where I was applying the cream was the upper lip and the noso-labial folds). Plus to everything else I had a bad a headache, which as I found later could have been the side effect of that medication. I went to another dermatologist and she said that she would have never prescribed that medication for the face especially if I have a tendency to develop cold sores because that medication serves as a immunosuppressant.
	Eliminated severe pain post surgery	Vomiting to the point of dry heaving is just not acceptable, for one, keeping the medication or anything down can't happen and for two, well putting that kind of pressure on the hemorrhoidectomy surgery site is not a good thing at all.  My doctor said to keep taking the medication, but I don't think his brain was working.  Dry heaves means you have vomited up your bile and NOTHING is staying down and you are still heaving nothing.  That was my body's "reaction" to vicodin, it was like poison to me.
	Slowed the hair loss and thickened the hair somewhat...pretty good I thought !	If you have gynacomastia, be very careful....Thankyou. Lee.
	After the administration of the first injection the pain decreased, however after a period of two weeks it returned. A second injection was administered. There was no improvement and undesirable side effects, as described below, appeared.	Two injections were administered in a period of two weeks
	none, the sinus condition remained after a short trial of the Levaquin.  I had to resort to a regular Z-pak.	I battled a sinus infection with home remedies for two weeks. Finally gave up and went to the doc.  He said to try this Levaquin as it may help specifically with the sinus infection.  I took the first dosage, felt ill in ten minutes and stayed quite nauseous for two hours.  I did eat cottage cheese with it. Next dose I tried eating some biscuit, but that didn't help either.  Tried it with protein (meat( third dose, same results.  Gave up and went back to doctor, got a zpak.
	It exfoliated my skin.	Use once daily, at night.  Wash face, use toner and leave to dry (10 minutes).  Then apply pea size amount of cream all over face, excluding eye area.  Let soak in (15 minutes), then layer with moisturizer.  Must wear sunscreen daily.
	Apparently prevented wound infection, though efficacy of drug is questionable and causality cannot be established.	Took metronidazole to preclude infection after a puncture wound from a dog bite. Did not tolerate medication; ceased therapy after 8 days.
	I haven't noticed any benefits	I took him back to the doctor and this time my son was diagnosed with pneumonia and dehydration. He was admitted to hospital immediately.
	sleep	The doctor does not believe I had this side effects because I took trazaone 2 weeks before I started the cymbalta.  When I took the first trazadone this terrible pain begain.  I tested not taking it and the pain almost completely subsided but was scared to completely stop. I did this 2 times. Then he started me on cymbalta.  I had been on cymbalta for almost 2 weeks when he finally agreed I could stop the trazadone.  By this time the cymbalta was in my system and I continue to have these back pains.  Can anyone share with me
	cleared acne rosacea.	My acne/ rosacea began at age 14, and was treated only topically with harsh over the counter products, with poor result. I began taking high doses of Tetracyclean at age 20. By age 30 I was also adding clindamycin topical solution to help control or dry out the breakouts. Even so, this combined effort was only mildly effective. I never drank alcohol, caffeine, and avoided spicy food while drinking lots of water and having a healthy lifestyle. By age 38, I was introduced to Minocyclean which was immediately effective and controlled my acne/ rosacea. Within 4-5 years, my teeth began to grey, weight gain began, and severe bruising developed on my upper and lower legs. Two weeks ago I phased out of the Minocycline and adopted a strong Probiotic ( 15 billion mc of acidophilus, etc. ) regimen with additional herbal supplement to treat yeast and parasites. I continue to use the topical Clindamycin, and so far the result is very controlled and manageable skin. I am monitoring my teeth and anxious to see if the bruising disappears before long. Antibiotics use create yeast in our bodies, which Acne and Rosacea thrive on. Rid yourself of the drugs, and use the natural supplements instead, and eliminate irritating triggers. Been on antibiotics for 24 years, and now excited to see something finally able to free my from those drugs. The supplement can be found on CandidaFreedom. They also make a natural face soap with the same ingredients. Get off those horrible drugs and at least try it. Give yourself a month !
	helped me sleep well	given l mg of Ativan four months ago with  2 mg delaudid. I quit the delaudid cold turkey.  Tried Gabapentin for pain, made me suicidal, then given Elavil which seems to help for pain,  Am now on 10 mg of Elavil and l mg of Ativan.  Very upset stomach all the time.  Wish the doctor had warned me of Ativan side effects.  I may have been okay with just Elavil had I understood the drugs at the time.  Want desperately to get of Ativan but can't sleep without it.
	Absolutely none	I stopped taking the drug after 4 days. It took me 6-8 weeks to be able to walk normally again. In the 3rd week we had plans to go to a wedding out of the country, and I required wheelchair assistance at the three aiports we went through to get there. I would have missed my flights if I had had to walk.
	Amoxicillin did little, if any, good for the infection I had with my abcessed tooth. I also had a skin lesion caused by a bacteria, per the doctor, but Amoxicillin did not effect this at all. It stayed the same through the days I took this antibiotic.	After I had the reaction to amoxicillin, I discontinued use immediately.  I took 2 rounds of Benefryl and the rash cleared up.  The doctor then prescribed a much stronger antibiotic, as my tooth pain was worsening - Cipro.
	So far I've been sad to say the the side effects are worse for him. I want to continue the drug longer to hope that the side effects will decrease.	We just changed from Adderall xr to Vyvanse because of a change in doctors from Ohio to California. We were hoping for the more lasting effects of Vyvanse with less side effects.  The verdict is still out.
	Virtually no pain.	Due to the above mentioned side effects, I stopped with the Tramadol after just two days and opted for  pain and paracetamol.
	The only positive effects was blood pressure moderately controlled.	Take one 20 mg per day in the am.
	I am not sure if it was levothyroxine that helped to normalise the hormone levels. It's kind of strange, as they've only were back in range, when i stopped taking l-thyroxine.	"L-Thyroxine was supposed to increase the low production of thyroid hormones, which was a result of hypothyroidism, as well as to help lower the number of antithyroid antibodies (which indicate the autoimmune disease that may be damaging the thyroid gland).

Levothyroxine (25 mcg)was taken 30???60 minutes before breakfast daily, for almolst 2 years. The doctor told me, that i should take it as long as i live. However, the levels of thyroid hormones have changed dramatically when i stopped taking l-thyroxine, they were in absolutely normal range, which showed, that i do not need to be on l-thyroxine anymore."
	Montelukast stopped the constant recession leading to repeated hospital admissions	"to take Montelukast every day.

to take clenil (inhaled) 2 puffs 2 times a day

to take salbutamol - when needed"
	none	Was incorrectly diagnosed with bi-polar. Panic attacks for 20 yrs. During most of the 20 yrs. xanax (alprazolam) was prescribed. Worked great; 100% effective. Was put on clonazepam - worst feeling ever; 2 mg daily, extreme tiredness, couldn't function doing daily activities. Dropped down to 1mg per script; same effect as taking 2mg. Prescribed .05mg; same effect as above. Since learned clonazepam is a sedative medication. Would not recommend to anyone.
	Made a huge difference in my depression (post natal) at first. Had tried Zoloft after my previous pregnancy, which seemed to stop working. Cycled through a number of other drugs (8 within 9 months) and ended up sticking with EffexorXR as it seemed the one with the least side-effects initially.	Post-natal depression & major depression/anxiety.
	STOPPED THE SYMPTOMS OF ULCERATVE COLITIS W/I 2 WEEKS	"300MG BY IV EVERY 8WEEKS INCREASED TO EVERY 6WEEKS.

I NEED TO GET OFF THIS DRUG, GO BACK TO ORAL MEDICATIONS AND PRAY THEY WORK FOR AWHILE"
	I feel more level, able to think and concentrate, less stressed and not bothered about anything.	I started off on 25mg daily, mosved up to 150mg night and 100mg morning and now i am on 300mg of the XR Seroquel.
	Using Vagifem for the first 18 months was brilliant. It increased lubrication and stopped the continual urethral soreness I had (and when passing water). It made everything feel normal again.	25mcg Twice a week
	There weren't any.  I had to stop taking this medicine after 4 days due to the side effects.	I stopped taking the medicine after side effects appeared.
	I think that the treatment might have improved my acne somewhat, but it always returned.  I stayed on this drug for several years, along with using topical medications.  I was using so many prescriptions that I don't really know which if any of them helped.  I always still had some acne during this treatment.	During my teens, I took minocycline several times a day for many years.  I was also using various topical medications, and at some point, also took different antibiotics such as Bactrim.  Nothing really worked.  I was also trying suppliments, teas, meditation, changes to my diet and exercise routine in order to try to get rid of my acne.  Eventually I wound up using Accutane which also did not work for me.
	I quit smoking!!!! And so did my husband who was also taking it. I smoked about 1 pack a day and he smoked about 2 packs a day. Our lives have changed because of this drug and our children will be healthier too!	I couldn't even keep my head up at work because I was so drowsy. I would have to go lay down in the break room. It got so bad I had to quit taking it. But I decided since it had been 2 weeks smoke free I wouldn't start again just because I couldn't handle the pills. My husband and I have been smoke free for 1 year 2 months!
	Mild suppression of the infection, slightly reduced upper respitory tract symptoms, some reduced coughing, some reduced mucus production. The symptoms took at least 5 out of the seven days to begin to dissipate, which is very slow compared to another antibiotic such as Maxamox. Unfortunately the side effects were more noticeable than the treatment benefits, and the prescribing doctor mistook the side effects for another symptom that was not actually present.	I had a severe URTI with bronchial coughing, headache,  muscular and joint pains, and general feeling of fatigue. My doctor presecribed Keflex as an antibiotic, she regarded it as a most effective treatment for this severe URTI. I was to take one tablet (I forget the dosage) once a day for a week to ten days. As I was working I had  no time to rest and had to rely on Panamax to held suppress the symptoms. Unfortunately within a day  my breasts became sore and swollen, and at the end of the week I returned to my GP who tried to diagnose pregnancy when there was not the slightest possibility of this. I finished the course of Keflex, only to take on another antibiotic at the end of the course since the Keflex did such a poor job.
	"The first time I used the drug it lightened the patches of melasma. The second time I used it, about a year later, it actually darkened them. I was told that happens to some people who use hydroquinone and that I will never be able to use it. I use sun block every day, year round.



I am Irish-Italian-German-Dutch. My skin is fair yet any trauma results in hyperpigmentation."	See above
	it has done its job and i am smoke free now for 10 weeks	i have stopped taking them now and still not smoking but would warn all to be aware of what the side effects can be its been about 2 week off them now and still feel a bit panicky drowsy at times
	the frown lines on the forehead were diminished for a period of abut 3 months	the drug was injected in one appointment to the frown lines of the forehead.  There was no immediate swelling, bleeding, or other adverse reaction.
	Moderately helped control my asthma and COPD.	Started taking the drug in May, recently stopped due to the connection between all my heart problems that started when I started the drug.  Now am having to see a cardiologist to make sure there is no long term damage to my heart.
	Rheumatic arthritis problems/symptoms dissapeared. No more morning stifness, no more joint pains. More energy, more appetite.	Hospitalization, high doses of Prednisolon, Claritromycine and other antibiotics. Pantropazol, Atrovent, Salbutamol
	none tho my doctor told me that it would lower my cholesterol if I took it and ate less red meat and more fish. But I don't like fish and love red meat so just eat low fat meat now like chicken.	had sorta high cholesterol, started on this by my doctor but stopped when above occured. See above.
	prevention of recurrence of estrogen positive tumours	take 1 pill daily
	some decreased depression but not as well as with wellbutrin	had to stop the mediccine and go back to taking wellbutrin 300mg xl.  the side effect of going off of the effexor included a lot of dizziness
	Treatment quickly eliminated discomfort associated with the sinus infection.  These included ear ache, sore throat, and fever.  These symptoms were partially alleviated within 24 hours of the first dose.  Within 48 hours, all symptoms were no longer present.  However, the eliminated symptoms associated with the sinus infection were almost immediately replaced by negative side effects.	Augmentin was administered at a dosage of 500 mg to be taken two times a day.  Total treatment time was to be 10 days, but within 24 hours, the side effects of the antibiotic were so intolerable that, after 3 days, the drug was terminated and a different antibiotic was administered.
	ability to sleep at night and through the night was substantially increased	Patient took the drug to combat sleeplessness, but after experiencing these side effects decided to switch to less habit-forming alternatives, such as small doses of benadryl or melatonin before nighttime.  After being off ambien for 36 hours patient noticed an immediate improvement in mental facility and ability to concentrate.
	chlamydia cleared after the 7day treatment.acne cleared which was a plus but came bk once treatment stopped. not many benfits cause i suffered so much with side effects and didnt take any other medication cause didnt know what i could take.	take 2 a day, one in morning and one in afternoon! for 7days with food with plenty of water.
	Reduction in fine wrinkles	Used to even out discoloration on face, however the primary effect was reduction of fine wrinkles and not much else
	No treatment benefits. the edema was so severe that the abdominal wall was pushed out, causing the genitofemoral nerve to pull even more, so pain was increased.	"After a rectocele prolapse operation in June 2009, i suffered groin damage from the position I'd been laid in for surgery.  The genitofemoral nerve was stitched into and i was left suffering from a combination of abdominal pain like appendicitis, and sharp pain when moving my right leg. Eleven months later, and i was still breathless with pain, and could not walk without twisting my body to guard it. 

i was offered gabapentin, but was swollen within 24 hours, and only managed to move my bowels three times in eight weeks - not good when the reason all this stated was a rectocele caused by megacolon.

When i withdrew i became suicidal, absolutely despairing, for three weeks. Two months on, my weight gain has not come down, and the palpitations are if anything worse. Not my sort of drug."
	AT FIRST IT KEPT MY SYMPTONS TO A MINIMUM, AND MOOD IN GENERAL INHANCED. THIS FOR ALMOST A FULL YEAR....THEN I NEEDED TO UP DOSAGE FIRST WENT TO 6 WEEKS...THEN TO EVERY 4WEEKS...DOSE INCREASED TO MAX OF 10MG	"REMICADE IS AN IV DRUG ADMINISTERED OVER A 3 HOUR PERIOD. USUALLY A GROUP OF 4-5 PATIENTS ARE SCHEDULED IN SLIGHTLY STAGGERED--LUNCH IS GIVEN IF TIME GOES OVER LUNCH TIME, WATER ENCOURAGED DURING AFTER AND BEFORE FOR HYDRATION....A STERIOD, SALINE AND ANTIHYSTEMINE ARE ALSO ADMINISTERED-STERIOD,SALINE BY IV AND ANITHYST BY MOUTH...BLOOD PRESSURE AND TEMP ARE CHECKED PERIODICALLY  DOSAGE IS BY WEIGHT OR MINIMUM AMOUNTS, A SALINE IS THEN FLUSHED THRU TUBBING TO HYDRATE AND TO FLUCH OUT ANY MEDS LEFT IN TUBE

I AM NOW WAITING FOR A DRUG TO BECOME AVAIABLE THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE A SECOND LINE DRUG SUCH AS METHOTREXCIATE(SP) OR SULFASALIZINE AS I HAVE HAD REACTIONS TO BOTH THESE BUT STUDIES WITH NEWEST DRUGS REQUIRE A SECOND LINE DRUG AND UNTIL THEY BECOME AVAILABLE TO GENERAL PUBLIC I HAVE TO WAIT---ALSO WITH THE DRUG SCARES THAT HAVE HAPPENED BEXTRA ETC (STILL HAVE SCARRING FROM THAT ONE ON ARMS FROM SEVERE SUN BURN) THINGS SEEM TO BE TAKING LONGER TO COME OUT"
	The treatment benefits were smoking cessation, first a gradual reduction 2-10 a day then 1-2 a day  then I quit for 2 weeks	2 a day
	Helped reduce some of the anxiety and had a moderate effect on the depression although it did not go away.	Taken orally daily at night to address depresion. Stopped taking due to side effects. Found increase of regimented daily exercise to be more beneficial.
	Improved sleep considerably, relieved muscle pain, calmed anxiety, stabilized mood swings.	I took one dose a couple hours before bed each night. I also have regular therapy, yoga practice, daily exercise and healthy diet.
	It helped relieve anxiety because it made me sleep.  I found that prior to taking this medication, I could not sleep and that I was not eating properly.  My overall health was suffering.	moderate anxiety.
	I didn't find it had any.	I had to take a pill when I felt any signs of a migraine coming on.
	Ability to sleep 8 full hours without waking up in pain was fantastic!  No need to get up during night to void, also fantastic.	Initial 300mg was taken for only 2 days, due to severe daytime sleepiness in AM.  Found it nearly impossible to drag myself out of bed in am.  My morphine controlled release wears off within 8-9 hours, so staying in bed NOT advisable without another dose of morphine or Percocet, but the neurontin makes me want to keep sleeping.  When I finally do wake up, minimally after 11 hours after I fell asleep, I still felt tired, and now in a lot of back, hip and sometimes even knee pain, from laying in bed motionless for so long, on L side of body.  Because of the sleepiness side effect, I do not take any during day. Since my MD would not lower dosage from 300mg until next monthly visit, I bought empty size 0 gel capsules at local health food store, and painstakingly divided the dosage from the 300mg capsules into 2 150mg capsules.  Initially, this seemed to be a good solution.  I was able to continue having 8h of pain-free sleep, and getting up after 8h was easier.   But, after only 4 days at the lower 150mg dosage, the excessive sleepiness after 8h of normal sleep continued, so I need to try cutting down the dosage even more.  Have to take the dextroamphetamine controlled release, to fully wake me up in AM, and once that wore off after 12 hours in early evening, I am too tired to study for my classes.  Overall, I would recommend this drug only for adults who do not have to drive to work, or adults who can take naps during work hours, or adults who are not trying to taking classes for credit.  I am hoping the upcoming RFA procedure will allow me to stop taking the narcotics and neurontin, and allow me to be able to work, study and retain what I learn in class (especially short term memory).
	Stop the pain	Just take the pills every 8 hours to tame the pain because of the root canal procedure that was done partially, not totally because of the inflamatory process.
	Somewhat reduced the shoulder pain. My should still hurt when I moved my arm certain ways but it was somewhat lessened.	I discotinued the naproxen after 2 weeks and started taking 3 ibuprofen every 5 hours with no disturbance to sleep and better pain management.
	The application of estrace relieved vaginal dryness virtually overnight. It also caused reduction of pain during intercourse. Improved sex drive and response.	Estrace was applied vaginally 3x weekly.
	I didn't notice any benefit at all. Supposedly, it was to help keep my mood balanced.  More than anything, I was focused on the very apparent and prevalent side effects.	I was prescribed Abilify (15mg/daily) to assist in moderating my mood.  In the three months I took it, I did not notice any significant improvement in mood stability, and DID notice majorly debilitating side effects.  I finally convinced my doctor to wean me off of it, and I guarantee I will never go back!
	I only have mild acne, but it was immediately cleared up within a few days of taking Oracea.	I took one pill per day for 2-3 weeks.
	As for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome patient, the main goal of the treatment was to regulate ovulation, and to regulate menstrual period. After 4 months of treatment (only 2 months therapeutic dose), I become pregnant and now have a beautiful son.	Treatment started as a very low dose at 500mg/day at the evening meal. Dose was increased by 500mg on the second week and stayed the same for 3 weeks.  On week 5 dose was increased by 500mg for another 2 weeks.  Another 500mg increase up to 2000mg/day until beginning of the pregnancy.
	Throat infection cleared up by the 2nd day of treatment.	One 300MG pill of Clindamycin, along with two Advils followed by gargling the Benzydamine, four times a day. To be taken with food.
	we had to go back to the doctor and my son finally got diagnosed with pneumonia and was hospitalized immediately	there wasn't much of a treatment, because of the immediate allergic reaction
	None	Day one I felt negative side effects after taking the second dose. Day two, escalation of side effects, headache, sun sensitivity, foul mood. By day three I felt like a zombie and my head felt like it was going to explode. I could not bare noise, even my husbands voice and my own voice was too loud. I had slept a lot but never waking rested, just extremely sleepy and depressed. I called pharmacist on weekend and was told I was taking too much to start. She explained that with this medicine one needs to start low dose and work up. I reduced the dose but did not have a reduction of side effects. I went off before a week.
	Acne cleared up. Lines, wrinkles disappeared. Generally I looked/look 15 years younger!	"I applied Tretinoin every evening to entire face + eyearea. I have been using it for 8 years and the results are astonishing! 

I always use a sunscreen with high SPF+ full UVAII+I protection (Mexoryl XL or TinosorbM+S containing filters)."
	While on the drug, I experienced some level of mood stabilization, marked by a greater ability to 'flow with' daily stress.	I am, under the direction of my doctor, reducing dosage in 25 mg increments and taking several vitamin/mineral combinations, including copper, zinc, biotin, and selenium.  But there is no assurance that my hair loss will ever reverse itself -- in fact, it may continue.
	I started noticing changes on my back	I started taking minocycline, although it made me really sick so I then went to this drug
	Really cut down the tooth infection/pain and swollen glands, during the first course of treatment I did not have any side effects at all.	I was given keflex (3x daily) for an infected root canal that needed to be redone. The swelling, pain and swollen glands subsided substantially while I was waiting 2 weeks for my appt to have the root canal redone. After the root canal, the dentist put me back on the keflex (2x daily) to insure against further infection, also since I have mitral valve prolapse. After 2 doses I developed diarrhea and took .5mg of immodium (I am sensitive to immodium, only need a very small dose). 8 hours later I developed worse diarrhea and then very severe vomiting, stomach pain, severe headache, dizziness, chills. Also my muscles were shaking and cramping as if I was very cold. I had to be taken to the urgent care, received an injection of phenergan which helped, and told never to take keflex again. Flu test was negative, I had not eaten anything during that day which could have caused food poisoning. Dx: gastroenteritis caused by keflex.
	stopped sweating, but the drying effect brought a very dry mouth and throat as well as side effect	the drug is not to treat hyperhidrosis, but it's its side effects that the drug was being taken for - namely the drying up for hyperhidrosis
	Stopped bleeding and relieved some abdominal cramps.	Have done 3 infusions, starting with 2 weeks after first and then 4 weeks. Now I am awaiting my 4th which will be 8 weeks. The staff have been great, from the nurse who does the procedure to the councillor at Bio-Advance, but the one draw back is that I have been telling both the nurse and the councillor about my side effects and they acted so surprised. So why did I find out by going online myself that these side effects are common?
	I suffered swollen and extremely sore throats with lots of mucus gathering up at the back of my throat. Because of this, I ended up having my tonsils and adenoids removed separately but this did not help at all. I also relieved several treatments for antibiotics but this was wasted as all they did was lowered my immune system. After being diagnosed with an airborne allergy, I took one tablet daily, they worked on the first day and completely helped.	Overall, they worked but the side affects were incredibly bad.
	Fell fast asleep for the first few months, then I had to keep upping the dose and addiction set in. I had a horrible time with withdrawal symtoms. I experienced sever apnia while under the influence of Ambien and I hand morning hangover. It also agitated me and I experienced anxiety.	For menopausal insomnia and PTS from cancer
	none, side effects that were intolerable were an increase in appetite and decreased libido	one pill daily at bedtime
	supposed prevention of catching swine flu	no treatment was given except cold anf flu medication, just waited out the symptoms and side effects
	I really did not see any benefit in taking the medication.  However, this may have been because I was unable to tolerate it for any length of time.	I was placed ont this medication to help with lack of energy, inability to sleep, loss of appetite (depression symptoms).  The side effects were so severe that I was only able to take the medicine for a week.
	could focus slightly better in school and also at home	slightly increased attention in a 13 year old girl suffering with ADHD (predominately inattentive) and aspergers syndrome but had bad side effects so was taken off medication and switched to Adderall XR instead
	It really helps me focus better than my previous ADHD meds. (Concerta 25mg) I am a very spontaneous person (Sometimes maybe slightly annoying) I really had trouble concentrating in school and remembering what we learned. I was always forgetful, but now after taking it a few days, I nearly never forget anything. And I remember the material covered in class.	On 9/18/11 I was prescribed (30) 30mg Vyvanse for ADHD to take every morning. It had common side effects on me, such as loss of appetite, severe chewing, and I "geeked out" pretty bad. I'm not usually a very organised person, but shortly after school, I spent 5 hours cleaning. (My binder, my room, the house, etc.)
	None	None
	the instructed me that by taking the antibiotic, it would surround the bacterias thus preventing further spread if the infections to other body parts.it really worked except that a nodule was left at the site of the boil. however, the drug gave me severe stomach aches due to gastritis before i went back to the physician to get some antiacids.	i was required to take drug for seven days. i only took it for 5 days and it still worked
	the treatment benefits were that i did not get pregnant nor did i get a period. occasional spotting but nothing a pantiliner couldn't handle.	just like with any iud you wait for your menstrual cycle to start and have the device inserted then. this was three months after my children were born. approximately one month later i started noticing that my skin was starting to break out really bad, especially on my mid face down, neck, chest and back. i was getting very large cysts which i never had even as a kid. normal zits every now and then but never ones that would leave a scar. when treatments and products wouldn't help i called my obgyn and they told me that was "a common side effect, sorry." well over the course of the next few months i stopped getting a period but would know when my period should've been here because my mood swings were out of control. i would get so angry over nothing. and the next day i would get some cramping. i started keeping track of this and realized that these episodes were happening about every four weeks or so. i also have never felt so bloated and swollen in my life. i sometimes wake up and my fingers don't have any lines on the knuckles. exercise helps this, but i still can't seem to lose those "last 10" pounds. i've spoken to other women who have similiar if not worse effects than me. but the consensus is always that something negative happened after they got it.
	supposed to stop acid reflex, which it did for 2 days	I will be taking Omeprazole, as I have been doing for years.. took Prilosec before the generic was available.   Prevacid contains only 15 mg of acid reducer whereas the other two contain 20 mg.  Yet you are charging as much as the others, and giving the customer 25% less.
	"it's admittedly very good at preventing pregnancy...

because well...it kinda stops the urge to have it."	"one shot every 4 months,it's fairly painless...

it's a great form of contraceptive.

because it basically makes you abstinent..the side effects just aren't worth it."
	No treatment benefits	For depression take 20mg once a day. Will now come off and try another. Didn't work for me.
	Treated a UTI bactrim did not	Treatment includes the option to get a refill: would seek alternative to Cipro, which was very harsh on gastro-intestinal system, Bactrim, which apparently was not effective in treating an ongoing problem...and this, which is causing some big problems
	Mood was more stable. Better quality of sleep.	I was diagnosed with PTSD after several negative incidents happened in my life. There was a point when I felt like I was going to crawl out of my skin. The doctor started me on Seroquel... a very high dose at first, 300mg. Later when I found out about some of it's very negative side effects such as TD, I started taking only 100mg a night. And soon I will try to lower that dosage.
	I received no benefit from the medication.  My prescribing physician told me it would take a full six months of this medication taken daily for it to be effective.  That's not going to work for me.	I contacted my pharmacist and she researched the Terbinafine I was taking and told me it could very well be what was causing this problem.  Since I had no idea what else it could be, I stopped taking it on my own.  I then contaced my physician and gave her the details and she agreed that stopping it would be wise at this point.  We are hoping that this is what the problem is and that my sense of taste and smell will return.  We just don't know when it will happen.  Very unpleasant experience, I must say.
	I believe I noticed some improvement in retaining information from conversations as well as from reading,including,but not limited to, books, magazines, newspapers. I also think I was clearer with regard to remembering events -the event itself, as well as the order in which things occurred in the particular event.	My doctor prescribed Aricept to aid my memory difficulties following a serious car accident in which I sustained multiple injuries, including a head injury. I do not recall events correctly, nor do I recall them in proper sequence. I have great difficulty remembering things;ex: If I have something on the stove I must stay with it; if I walk away I become distracted & completely forget I have something on the stove; I forget where I put things;if I am given instructions on something, they must be written down, as I cannot recall them or recall them correctly. Some past events are forgotten or foggy.
	The infection cleared	The cat bite on my foot was very swollen and painful.  I was hospitalized for 4 days, during which time antibiotics were administered intravenously every 6 hours.  When I was discharged from the hospital I felt fine, without any of the symptoms described above.   When I started taking the Augmentin there were very few side-effects - they became very noticeable after the 5th or 6th day.  By the end of the treatment, the dizziness had subsided as did the light headed feeling, but the intestinal discomfort remained until 3 or 4 days after.
	I initially had severe cramping and nausea, but I continued under doctor's orders, I only lost about 20 pounds, tops.  I now have a larger host of problems I believe were started with this medication.  I have not used in 3 years.	I was to inject the said amount into the abdominal (below the waist, above the pelvic bone) before breakfast and lunch.  The amount was changed when the medical professional I was having treat me decided to increase the dosage, and with terrible results (I was vomiting blood and could not eat or even drink water - I couldn't even stand the smell of food).  I wish I had never heard of Byetta!!!!!!
	Antibiotic seemed to work quickly.  My throat felt better within hours of taking the first pill.	Seems like a powerful antibiotic that works but it's just too powerful for my system and not worth the side effect.
	On the 3rd day, I was extremely elated and more uninhibited than usual; headache was still present, but seemed unimportant. In addition, I slept through the night with the first two 50 mg pills.	Doctor started me on one pill for 3 days,then double for the next and 3 pills upt 150 mg. on the 7th day. I am still at 25 mg. due to side effects above.
	This drug knocked me out i did not wake during the night nor did I remember any dreams. It was difficult to get up in the morning.. This drug is an effective sleep aid but with recent concerns i think there are better choices...	Doctor perscribed this with paxil for and anxiety disorder. This was meant to help me sleep which it did and it  REALLY knocks you out...do not take this drug and drive you will feel like a zombie...
	bone scan showed no increase bone loss.	i stopped taking the medication and i am improving.i have been off medication about 5 weeks now.aspirin only 325 mg 2-3 tabs a day has helped me along with mild frequent exercise
	It eliminated my depression.	"I was subscribed this to help get me through my separation from my spouse. While taking it, everything I ate upset my stomach.



It was hell when the time came to stop taking it. It's very addictive and I felt nauseous, dizzy and just plain horrible when I first tried to stop taking it. I went back on it and started taking St. John's Wart with it. This helped immensely when it came time to try to quit the drug again. After a few weeks of taking the herb, I slowly started reducing the amount of Paxil I was taking by breaking up the tabs and taking less and less of it each day. I finally got off it and will never, ever take it again. It was a nightmare."
	My oily skin vanished. The skin cleared up finally. the painful cysts went away for 4 yrs during each treatment. However they will come back (for me anyways) after 4 yrs with stress, mentral cycle, I get them on my jaw line even if i just hold a alcohol swabbed cell phone...Its from mechanical pressure. They last forever and scar me! So the benefits were great but so are the side effects...	"Like I stated:

Get ready for monthly blood work!To ensure damage to body isn't occurring 

NO Pregancies!!!

Birth Control at all times!!!! use double protection! 

Stool softener 

Lip balm

eye drops"
	The infection cleared	The cat bite on my foot was very swollen and painful.  I was hospitalized for 4 days, during which time antibiotics were administered intravenously every 6 hours.  When I was discharged from the hospital I felt fine, without any of the symptoms described above.   When I started taking the Augmentin there were very few side-effects - they became very noticeable after the 5th or 6th day.  By the end of the treatment, the dizziness had subsided as did the light headed feeling, but the intestinal discomfort remained until 3 or 4 days after.
	"I've taken various anti-depressants through the years, but this was the closest I ever came to a ""cure"". 

Granted, it was after I stopped taking the medication that this ""cure"" took place, but I never experienced this with other anti-depressants. While taking it, Effexor made me so sleepy all the time that I slept a good deal more than normal (10-12 hours daily). This is why I stopped taking it. But when I did, I felt better than I had in years. I remained depression-free for about 3 years. I then dealt with depression again for about 8-10 months (I didn't want to lose another 6-8 weeks taking the Effexor ""cure"" so I delayed, hoping I would just ""snap out of it"" on my own). When I finally conceded this wasn't going to happen, I returned to my doctor, who then convinced me to try something new, so I tried Cymbalta, hoping to get Effexor's benefits, without the side-effects. It worked well as long as I used it, but when I stopped, there was no ""cure"" like I'd had with Effexor. Now I take 600-1000 mg of samE. It's not as good as the post-Effexor experience, but I feel less dependant on the medical system for my maintenance, and I focus on physical health (good food, exercise, vitamins)to maintain my emotional health. Those things alone, unfortunately, do not completely do it for me, and that's where the samE comes in. It makes the difference."	I began Effexor under the care of a psychiatrist who was treating me for depression. My depression took the form of a lack of interest in all aspects of my life and I had begun to "shut down" to such a degree that sometimes the act of just walking from the garage into my house required a strong act of will. When I had to run errands, like grocery shopping, I felt an uncomfortable detachment from my environment. My treatment with Effexor, at worst, sometimes simply took me down (energy-wise) an additional notch from where I was. At best, it shifted me from the uncomfortable detached feeling and elevated my mood a couple of notches above where it had been. I had moments of feeling fully functional. That was enough to give me a sense of feeling better, and the will to decide to take my full energy back. That's when I stopped taking it, and experienced the miraculous "cure". If I ever experience such a deep depression again, I will choose to try the Effexor again (the original, not the newer version), rather than the Cymbalta. With the Cymbalta, I would already know that the benefits would only last as long as I chose to be on it, whereas, the Effexor would give me hope for a lengthy remission.
	"Prior to the Inspra I was on Spiractin, which I am back on now.  I took the inspra to reduce possibiity of gynecomastia, which was presenting in the form of breast pain.

My blood pressure normalised on both Spriractin and Inspra."	"Spiractin originally prescribed for treatment of Conn's Syndrome, however some brease pain was experienced shortly after commencing the medication.  Further consultation with treating doctor and Inspra was prescribed as alternative.



Inspra commenced and side effects described above experienced so reverted to Spiractin after short time.  Side effects ceased almost immediately, 48 to 72 hours after cessation of Inspra completed."
	I didn't take the medicine long enough to get any benefits	None.
	The 2 first day we're fantastic. I was easy going, task didn't birding me and I would overall say that my focus was good. However my well being was so great that I was mostly in my mind with great Joy.	"Unpleasant !

By the way is it normal to pay to see the psychiatrist around 150 $ for monthly renewal and says he does not take insurance. How do other people handle this.

I invite you to answer me at fionahopes to hotmail"
	While I definitely did notice some improvement in my depression, I believe that Zoloft is far from being a truly effective antidepressant drug. My depression had somewhat subsided and my panic attacks were less severe, albeit not completely gone.	"50 mg per day, in the mornings. Total duration of the treatment: 3 years.

During the treatment course, attempts were made to titrate the dosage to 100 mg per day, but I couldn`t tolerate it."
	I originally took the medication in a smaller dose for 3-4 months and saw a reduction of pus-filled pimples. The physician increased the dose to hopefully increase the benefits, as I still had significant acne.	I took this medication as prescribed by a dermatologist for 1 week at the 100 mg dose before  started. Side effects disappeared by 3 days after discontinuation.
	Cholesterol was lowered but would have needed larger dose to meet desirable levels.	Pain and numbness went away after discontinuing use of drug.
	decreased bp	stopped drug.  rechallenged few weeks later with same results
	It seemed to reduced blood pressure.  No other benefits were observed.	This was taken in case atrial fib resumed, in order to keep heart rate down.  Atrial fib did not return during drug treatment, so it is unknown if it would have help to keep heart rate down in the event of atrial fib.
	The drug does get the patient to sleep very soon after taking the drug.	The treatment does not require very much other than taking the prescribed drug as needed.  However, if you take it a few nights in a row, it it difficult to stop.  But you should stop because it makes you very groggy and gives you headaches during the day.  It is good for a sleepness night when back from traveling so that you can get back on a regular sleep schedule.  It should not be taken on a regular basis.
	none this stuff was awful -it hurt me -dont take it	only took it 5 days and felt so much better when off this stuff even though i still have a uti
	I took it for three months and I did not feel any less depressed. I actually felt kind of paranois and "out of it." I did not fee any less depressed, in fact more anxious.	It did not work I gained 23 pounds in three months! I tried taking in am and pm and neither worked out. I gained a lot of weight and experienced insomnia and early am waking.
	Very little affects were felt on my throat	Was given the Amoxil without a blood test by not my usual doctor. After seeing my usual doctor he ordered a blood test, which found Glandular Fever was positive, and ordered me off the drugs. I had already, however taken the lot under the direction of first doctor.
	It reduced my acne considerably and, after ceasing the treatment, I have never had acne as severe as before.	The dermatologist tried several other options before going to Roaccutane. I tried using antibiotics, Retin A (which, knowing better now, I didn't use quite correctly), and Diferin gel. In the end, Roaccutane was the only thing that really mad a difference. I do, however, notice that my skin does look older than that of my peers. I don't know whether it is as a result of the Roaccutane, or whether it's just genetic.
	My acne did heal. I took it consistently for about 2 months and my acne healed up and my skin looked really good after a long time, but when I forgot to refill it, I started breaking out again. So after taking it again for a couple of weeks my skin started to clear up. I have not taken Doxycline for a few months now and my skin is doing good, besides the occasional break out.	I had really bad almost like nodular acne . I visited with my dermatologist who gave me the option of taking Accutane or Doxycycline and i decided to to go with Doxycycline since Accutane had a considerable amount of side affects.
	The drug was very effective in helping me to fall asleep, and to get a good night's sleep.	Because of difficult nights without the drug after a few nights on the drug, I have sought out other sleep aid medications.
	The drug really did help the inflammation of the lungs and cut down on the cough.	I had a pretty bad case of pneumonia, which had culminated in a horrible hacking and convulsive cough that I could not get to go away. I was given Ceftin (I believe, can't remember the dose).  I was also prescribed an inhaler and the prednisone. I had never taken a steroid of any kind before.  The first couple of days were okay, though I noticed I felt constantly hungry or my stomach hurt slightly, it was actually hard to tell which it was. So, I was eating a lot of crackers and thinks that I thought would help.  After the five days my skin began to break out all along the jaw line and forehead, which was not usually a problem for me. The breakout was so bad, I went to see a dermatologist who put me on a month of tetracycline, which cleared up the skin.  Overall, the prednisone made me feel lousy!  I hope I never ever need it for anything again.
	IT was to be for a sinus infection which was not able to be documented due to the immediate reaction to the drug. IT is normally prescribed for its antibiotic effect on the respiratory system.	There were none.
	Relieved pain, helped me fall asleep	I stopped taking Vicodin and switched to over the counter tylenol as a remedy because the side effects were so severe and negative.  I was constantly, severely nauseated after taking Vicodin.  My body did not tolerate this drug well at all.
	none since could not continue treatment & diagnosis was made from routine, post-menopausal bone-density test (I was not having symptoms).	Once a week on same day, take one tablet first thing in a.m. before eating with full glass water and do not lie down or eat anything for 30 mins.
	I gave up the drug within one week and dint expect any benefit within such a short time period	I took it twice (2.5 and 0.5 mg on two separate days)
	I didn't get pregnant, because at the time, I didn't want to have another baby.	I followed the doctors instructions perfectly.
	The medication was effective at preventing pregnancy	I decided to switch birth control after being on another brand, Yasmin, for several years. After just 2 and half months, the side effects were so severe I had to stop the medication.
	Lessened depression	I took this med after trying others for depression.  It worked pretty well.  I decided to taper my dose down when I got pregnant & was off completely when my son was about one month old.  Since then, I have kept my depression under control effectively through diet & exercise.
	first cople week felt great swelling down no pain fulll of energy wanted to go jogging	start on 60mg second week 50mg third week 40 forth week 30 and had anough
	It stopped running nose and sneezing.	Just one pill and then I was unadequate on daytime, I had to stop, I didn't understand what happened and when with new doze drowsiness appeared again I understood what the problem was, and the third time I just tested to be sure, that I can't function normally with this drug, although it stopped running nose.
	Loss of depression, reprieve from PTSD symptoms	I was monitored on a quarterly basis by a psychiatrist who prescribed Paxil and Trazadone.
	My mood swings lessened, only benefit	My doctor put me on this and told me im bipolar. However I feel more bipolar with it. I did well on cymbalta but it raised my blood pressure. Lamactil has made me very agressive and angry! I cry all the time and my doctor told me he wanted to up the lamactil, and I said, but dr. I didnt feel this way before. And he uped it anyway. I am not taking the new dosage bc I have a child who is possible schizophrenia but is too young for the diagnosis and two angry people is not a good mix. Also I have taken vyvanse for over a year and its a stimulant as well in the past ritalin and adipex for weight loss, never have I experienced anger like tjis!
	Cleared sinusitis very quickly. Ended a hacking cough after about a day as well.	"Had a delayed reaction to medication. Really severe effects came on only after

two days' treatment. I have had gastric upsets as a response to previous antibiotics (CEFLEX), but never anything like this."
	Reflux under control	Taking Nexium once a day in the morning on an empty stomach. the reflux symptom mostly  gone after 2 days. taking Nexium for one week notice weight gain (3 pounds) after 2 weeks gain 6 pounds even exercise more and eat less still gain weight. Quit taken Nexium for one week lost some weight (3 pounds) but refux symptom return. Start take Nexium again one a week doesn't help much. I tried so hard to loose weight and lost a lot and now I have to deal with weight gain because of reflux treatment pills.
	No benefits, did not help the initial problem of the sinus infection	stopped taking after 3 days because of the side effect
	I was led to believe my bone density would improve with this drug and it would only need to be administered once a week.	I elected to stop taking Fosamax because of side effects (above).  My physician is concerned and wants me to try a different osteoporosis medication, but I am afraid to take anything like that again.  I have elected to self medicate with liquid calcium citrate/magnesium formula, and other vitamin and mineral therapy.
	The drug was very effective at first at getting me out of depression.  However it lost effectiveness over time and the side effects became worse over time.	I was started at 300 mg and then reduced myself to 200 mg after six months.  I took it at 200 mg for almost a year and a half.  For the past four months I have been gradually tapering off this medication with great difficulty.
	Some reduction of pain	Was taking Tramadol for assistance with pain caused by the herniated disk.  Was also having physiotherapy and anti-inflamatories Mobic.
	None/ had to many painful side effects.	This was to treat an ear infection in both ears. The side effects from this medication were way worse than the ear infestion itself. It was extrememly scary to see how this medicine took hold of my 1 year old daughter's body. My son who is 2 was perscribed this medication on Friday due to a bronchial virus, he was also given a shot of antibiotics and given a cough suppressent. The augmenton did not give him the skin rash but he has a horrible diaper rash and it is extremely painful. He is not sleeping very well either and also has diarrhea. He was percribed the medicine on Friday and I didn't realize it was the same medication my daughter had two weeks ago. I will be calling my doctor this morning to explore other options of medication to get him better. This augmenton is bad for my babies. I hope it helps other people. The side effects have definately out weighed the benefits of helping my children heal. I am dissapointed. It is tough thinking you are giving your kids something that will help them and then they are in more pain than before you sought medical care.
	It greatly reduced the pain in the lower back and upper thigh muscles.It reduced the amount of spasms I was having in my lower back. I could not function as well if I did not take it.	I was to take it at bedtime to help my sleep due to the pain and spasms in my lower back and upper thigh muscles. I could only take.5mg or it made me too sleepy during the day.
	there were no treatment benefits only bad side effects such as terrible nightmares, hyperventilating	i was supposed to take the product every night in order to sleep. i stopped after 5 sleepless nights
	It is supposed to lower the risk of breast cancer.  There was another abnormal mammogram & biopsy two years after starting it, but the biopsy was less abnormal. So no cancer is a benefit. There was NO improvement in bone density.	As above, once a day.
	it was IV push; it was  common to parents; it was accessible; dosage for pediatrics was easy to calculate. treated pts itching, swelling and hives.	pt eventualy wore himself out, and fell asleep. itching and swelling relieved.
	This drug worked as a treatment for strep throat.	We are seeing some improvement with avoiding foods such as milk and egg as well as diligently taking probiotics and vitamin c.
	High concentration and staying focused.  It took away my irratibility & aggitation. I feel very calm. I felt that It help extremely with all my ADD symptoms except that I felt depressed. If that makes sense. Weight loss.	This is a great medication for ADD. I've never felt so together in my adult life. My Doctor doesn't want me to take it anymore because of my side effects. I'm so upset that I had side effects on this med because I loved how it worked.
	Face cleared up in weeks.About 3 mths. I started in the end of November and by mid February my face was extremely clear. I stop using it after my face cleared up, WRONG THING TO DO. Once your face has cleared you still need to continue using it so your face can remain clear.	I love rein-a only because it grabs everything from underneath the surface and brings it out. It really works but takes time and patience. I would always stick to retin-a and never change because it gets the job done and theres no turning back.
	I am in my 5th week of treatment, and my liver enzymes did come down to normal, but I will see Dr. on 12th to find out if viral load came down.	I take the ribavirin three times a day ,which equals 1200 MG. I also,give my self a sub-cu shot with the interferon, in either the right or left stomach or thigh muscles, this can bring on the chills extreme fatigue, and some other side effects it really sucks.
	I really could not give any results as I had a severe reaction to the medicine. I broke out in a rash on my elbow to my wrist area and also swelling of my eyes one morning. That is when I stopped taking it approx. 4 days into it.	I was supposed to take it for 7 days once a night, then two pills for the next 7 nights but I never got that far.
	NONE	I will never take this TOXIC excuse for a medicine again in my life and i will tell everyone i know to demand another option. This stuff is pure poison. Went to the doctor today said i was having adverse reactions and sent me home with a new perscription although seemed to not fully believe my symptoms were real which I can assure u all they were and ARE! I am afraid of long term effects and this was only after ONE 500 mg dose! This is truly terrifying stuff
	Cried less	Have now been taking off the drug as my GP thinks I have an intolerence of the drug of which I told them off in the first instance. Feel worse now than I did initially as now so tired and unable to hold down my job, or in fact function in any positive way at all right now. Further advised that if I still feel depressed in a couple of weeks they will try prozac!
	Protection aganst pregnancy. Some weight loss, less hungry. Less acne. No effect on sex drive.	Took for 3 months. First month was OK but by the end of the 3rd month it was hellish
	Helped me concentrate, did help curb appetite, made me feel younger (more energy), thinking more clearly.	37.5 mg once per day.  Went back in after a month to have blood pressure tested (my blood pressure has always been near perfect).  It was high, so they weaned me off of the pills.
	Patient was more mellow and not as angry or argumentative. Also suicidal ideation went away. Patient was able to keep a job for longer than one year and not get fired due to bad attitude.	The patient took the drug in the morning with breakfast.
	None.	This was my Psychiatrist and GP`s last hope of treating my depression with medication, and I was told that I probably would suffer no adverse effects ("very rare", apparently). However, after telling them at my appointment a month after starting Effexor XR, I was told that dissociative symptoms of PTSD are rarely made worse by effexor.
	none-i wanted to see some skin improvement of wrinkles but the side ffects of buning and redness were too severe to wait-not sure ahat else I can say here-i just discontinued the use-had to	apply cream at night-that is what i was told-i had used it years ago when i was much younger and it was fine then-just not suitable for older more fragile skin i suppose
	The pain went away and I could walk. my hip was mobile.	An Mri. A shot of cordazone into my Bursa sack in my hip. Physical therapy, 10 visits of PT. and then Celebrex 2x a day.
	When I was first on the 20 mg dosage, there was no apparent benefit. When the dosage was upped to 40 mg, there was dramatic reductio of the edema. Then I had mitral valve surgery and took no Furosemide for a while, but eventually the edema returned and the 20 mg dosage helps some. (see side effects)	When I began having the side effects after surgery, the doctor took me off of the Furosemide and the side effect immediately disappeared, and I also had no edema for a few weeks. The doctor then put me back on the 20 mg dosage, which I still take. It seems to help sometimes, but not all of the time.
	no benefit	Had an ongoing yeast infection that would NOT go away. So the Dr is trying this med.  It is terrible.  The pharmacist said any use of perfume, mouthwash or anything with any type of alcohol makes the side effects much worse.  I don't use any of those things so he said discontinue use and contact physician.
	The Nexium was effective in stopping my heart burn.	I had been taking Prevacid for years with success and no adverse drug reactions. I had to switch because my insurance would not pay for the Prevacid any more because there was a Generic form of Prevacid.  I tried the generic but it was not effective so I was given the prescription for Nexium.  The Nexium was effective but I was highly allergic to it.
	Chantix was incredibly effective for the purpose of smoking cessation. While users are advised that initiative must be taken on their part to successfully quit smoking, I felt that the drug decreased the desire for nicotine so effectively, making smoking absolutely repellent, that a patient taking the drug would most likely quit without much active effort.	Began taking a low-dose as part of the "starter pack." Desire to smoke diminished quickly and was gone within only a few days. Dose gradually increased to 2 1.0mg tablets/day. Continued with this dosage for close to two months at which time I stopped taking the drug due to the side effects listed above. Have since started smoking again.
	Reduced blood pressure. Since takink telmisartan my blood pressure levels went down to normal. I could do my regular activities, including sports.	Only medication was prescribed. temisartan 80 mg a day. I have benn taking it for more than 5 months.
	I was not willing to deal with the effects of the drug three times a day and so I discontinued use.	Niacin taken in such a large dose opens the capillaries. This increases the blood flow close to the skin and releases histamines. The resulting hot flush and itching lasts for about 15 minutes.  It is an interesting experience, but three times a day is a bit much, especially during my at work dose. The red face was alarming my customers and the itching was a bit too distracting.
	It did clear up the infection even in the time frame I used it.	This was prescribed to me for possible whooping cough...due to exposure to Pertusis through my daughter.  Even though my older daughter had received the Pertusis vaccine she still was finally diagnosed as having whooping cough.  It took several doctors to finally catch what she had.  In the meantime she was very sick...had several z-packs and failed to respond.  I came down with a bad cold shortly thereafter and as a precaution I was given the Erythromycin [different doctor than the one she went to].
	It prevented pregnacy.	"This birth control is terrible. I am 22 years old, this is my first time ever taking any type of birth control, and I have to say I will never take any form of birth control ever again. I have been taking seasonique for one month now.

The first week I felt like I had the flu. Then I started feeling normal. All I have been craving is sweet food (chocolate, cake, muffins). I have not wanted to eat anything else. I have bad headaches all the time, I am gaining weight,I have had break through bleeding along with bad cramps, etreme moodiness and depression, I am tired all the time, I have no sex drive and all around not fun to be around. :( No more Seasonique for me!"
	"Initially the treatment benefits were

-increased mobility/ activity level due to experiencing less pain

- sleep ( was able to sleep longer while the medication was still active)

- better mood (because of less pain)"	I was in an MVA in 2002 in which I suffered a whiplash type injury which caused/accelerated the DDD. I was prescribed Percocette 5mg on an as needed basis for pain control. After 3 years (of constant agonizing pain)of being on the Percocette they became ineffective at relieving pain and I was referred to a PAIN CLINIC specializing in chronic pain. The doctors there decided that I had built up a tolerance/dependence on the Percocette and that it would be best to put me on a longer acting narcotic (Oxycontin 10mg,time released, supposed to provide pain relief for 12 hrs) with Percocette (Oxycodone 5mg/Acetaminophen 325 mg)for break through pain. In the beginning the medication seemed to help but over time I built up a tolerance to the Oxycodone(they became less effective) which meant I had to keep increasing the dosage to get the same amount of pain relief. For example I started out with Oxycontin 10mg/3x day and approx 3 Percocette/daily a couple of months later as my tolerance increased I had to take Oxycontin 20mg/3X day and 5-6 Percocette as the months passed by my tolerance grew and my dosage was increased. After about 8 months on the Oxycontin I started to experience all of the side effects mentioned above, not only did I notice the negative effects the drug was having on me but friends and family noticed too, and mentioned (not to me but amongst themselves) that my appearance/demeanor over the past 2 yrs had dramatically changed. A couple of months ago my Sister took me aside and asked me what was wrong to which I replied nothing why? She then explained to me how my behavior(depression, moodiness, etc.) and appearance(drastic weight loss) had been getting worse and worse and told me that she was worried. Being under the influence of these drugs for so long I felt like I was in a fog and really had no idea as to the extent of how bad it really was/ how I looked. So I stepped back and examined the last 4-5 yrs of my life while on these medications and realized that they had taken a considerable toll on me emotionally, physically, mentally. I strongly advise that before anyone decides to go this route for pain management that you have a long talk with your Physician on the pros and cons of this medication specifically the Oxycontin. If I would have known then what I know now about all the negative side effects I would never, never had started taking it. I feel that it deteriorated my body (especially my muscle mass and skin). When I started taking the medication I was 37 and felt 25 and was told I looked like I was in my late 20's, I am now 42, I feel 50 and now in an effort to spare my feelings people don't mention anything about how old I look . I wish that my Physicians would have told me about ALL of the negative effects of this medication instead of just the positive (which are few). In my opinion the negative far outweigh the positive. I'm still in constant pain but will continue to search for pain management without drugs. PLEASE USE WITH CAUTION!
	"I believe that the Premearin allowed normal vaginal secretions and

somewhat emotional stability.  During the time I was using the Premarin I had

decreased hot flashes/sweats that, I presumed was a result of the drug, although the hot flashes are much more infrequent now that I'm using the natural progesterone cream."	I chose to discontinue the HRT completely after I developed a painful mastitis in my lt breast, and 6months later a mamogram showed a suspicious spot that was removed and biopsied. It was benign. Since stopping the Premarin and switching to a natural progesterone cream that I use vaginally I no longer have painful fibrocystic breasts and the hypoglycemia and hypothyroid have been healed thru prayer.
	lessened the pain when urinating	came in for uti, then found out it was ballanitis, this medicine was prescribed, and took me to headaches and constipation that caused high blood pressure, that caused anxiety attacs... not recommended to take this medicine.
	For the first two weeks I did not feel absolutely anything. Then, after about 15 days, I began to feel different. My constant sense of fear and worry was replaced by a sudden feeling of self-confidence. My depression, which formerly kept me in a state of perpetual sorrow, self-pity and doubt, was lifted from me like a veil. Suddenly I was talkative and social, where before I was soft-spoken and hesitant. I behaved as if I could not fail in anything I undertook to do. I was asking women on dates with a directness and boldness that almost scared women away. You could say that while I was taking Paxil I was in a hypermanic state. The benefits were very real. I loved the miraculous effects of this medication. Unfortunately I was forced to stop taking Paxil because of negative side effects.	"I was not able to have sex because Paxil left me sexually numb. It was difficult to maintain an erection. When I did get an erection it was without any sexual pleasure, in other words, it was just a mechanical erection.

I could not sleep no matter how tired I became during the day. I had constant energy that would not go away even when I wanted to sleep. The insomnia was so bad that even sleeping pills could not counteract Paxil.

Dry mouth was mild to moderate, but nonetheless bothersome.

I gained a tremendous amount of weight in a short time. I went from 171lbs. to 227lbs. in about 4 months. Paxil gave me a huge appetite. I simply could not stop thinking about food, particularly sweets."
	None because I had to stop taking it due to the side effects.	Was supposed to take it to clear up my mastitis but couldn't complete the treatment because my abdominal pain was too severe.  I was changed to a different antibiotic.
	None	Stopped taking Malarone whilst still on holiday.
	clear head - sometimes / less allergy - sometimes	Took it for a year.  Never knew if it really helped. One year later I was literally crippled with side effects... now off it I'm back to my old self.  My allergies are the same as when I was on this med.  Huh.  I think different people react differently to medications.  I really do.
	at initial dose of 25MG felt effects very quickly.  Titrated up to 100MG/day and slowly noticed it losing its "punch". Initially felt much better - motivation increased dramatically.  Finally felt normal, and in combination with Trazodone slept very well for the first time in years.	Always took dose in the AM with food.
	The single dose was easy to take, and the drug got rid of any other fungal infections in my body that may have contributed to the vaginal yeast infection.	One tablet taken orally one time to combat a vaginal yeast infection.
	DECREASED REDNESS	NONE
	There were few benefits.  It still took me a long time to go to sleep, about two hours.  Some nights it didn't work at all.  When dosage was increased the side effects became unacceptable.  I took the medication for a week and then could not stand it anymore.  It was preferable to go without sleep than to take this drug.	I started with a half pill, then it was increased to 1 due to ineffectiveness.  It was increased to 1 1/2, then 2 pills.
	Ive only been on Topamax for two weeks and only have had 1 migraine which is good for me. I use to have about 3 to 4 migraines in a matter of two weeks.	The first week I took I lowered my elivil to 20Mg and started my Topamax and had that at 50Mg for the first week. The second week lower the elivil to 10mg and up the topamax to 100 mg tehn the third week stop the elivil and continue the topamax at 100mg.
	The treatment benefits are that it has stopped  the acid from coming up into my esphogus.  I also has benefited from further damage to my esphogus from the acid reflux. I do not have bad breath from the acid and i am no longer horse in my throat when i talk alot. The nexxium has stopped my stomach from producing acid.	The treatment details were that i did not need to change my diet, but to just take one pill every day and that would take care of my issue with my body producing to much acid.
	the benefits weren't noticed per needed. I couldn't tell if the back spine was stronger as I felt the same.	dental specialist went under gums to deep clean and I had to have special care.  also, some teeth moved inward. This changed my teeth's ositions and now don't look as nice.
	No benefits in 2 months, no reduction in body hair	Not effective for me at all, wanted to reduce body hair - no change after two months. But noticed hair thinning and some hair loss on the top of my scalp, have to stop it.
	Prevented pregnancy, acne was lighter, predictable periods	The side effects were very severe. Sometimes I thought I was pregnant because the side effects are similar to those of pregnant women. However, during the placebo pills, my period always came. I spoke with my pharmacist and she said if I have such side effects with this lower dosage I might get more severe effects with the higher dose.  I am still taking this hoping to ride out the side effects as the severity seems to lessen over time.
	Did well to get rid og the skin cancer	I chose to do everyday for 2 weeks without the two day rest period. I needed to finish my treatment before a state exam I was scheduled for. That may have been my mistake.
	Positive- increased libido	Discontinued treatment due to side effects.  I would consider taking again if the negative side effects were noted in literature as temporary and insignificant over the long term
	concentration and anxiety levels returned to normal were very good. Felt so much better on the medication. Really noticeable quite quickly the benefits.	take last thing at night. suits me better. some pple prefer taking in the morning.
	No.  They were harmful to me.	"I couldn't walk because of muscle problems.  Then it attacked my kidney and bladder.  Drs thought I had cancer.



Reduced dosage from 20 mg to 10mg.  Had to get off it and through away about $200.00 worth of pills."
	I was able to sleep	Was told I fall into the low percentage of people who have these same side-effects.  Taken off Lunesta and cannot take Ambian for the same reasons.  Tried Melatonin, 5mg a night...works like a charm and I haven't been in the kitchen baking!
	My headaches were not as severe as they were before I started the medication but I still had headaches, just not as many and not as severe.	I took 25 mg for two weeks at night, then 50 mg for the next two weeks, then 75 mg for the next two then I went down to 50 mg for three days then to 25 mg for three days and I have discontinued the medication.
	relief of pain	This drug was prescribed for pain caused by therapy for frozen shoulder. The pain was making it impossible to sleep at night, so the doctor prescribed tramadol. While the drug did moderate the pain, it also caused agitation, anxiety, insomnia. I stopped taking it after a few days. I also stopped the therapy. The pain went away and my shoulder improved on its own.
	none	"Told my doc about the side effects and he told me they supposed to do everything the opposite that I'm complaining about. 

i threw away the pills and switched doctors.

now i smoke pot. it makes me happy and there's no side effects that i was getting from Effexor besides the munchies ;)"
	Birth Control	Birth control, 2x doses over 6months before i decided to stop treatment.
	regulate sleep	In an effort to regulate sleep, during an extended period of insomnia; patient was prescribed Ambien. The medication induced sleep as often as it induced short periods of psychotic behavior and patient was difficult to control by family. Patient would sleep-walk with no memory of it afterwards. Patient was beligerent with family members and appeared severly intoxicated.
	There was an improvement in the healing time for acne	"50mg Doxycycline taken one at night with food, meant to be 2 - 3 month treatment for acne.  Unable to continue with treatment.



By the way, the most effective treatment I have now found for treating current acne is Freederm, a nicotinamide based product which is the only topical treatment I have found that improves my acne.  It does not prevent new acne outbreaks.



And the best treatment I have found for acid stomach is Barley Greens, better than all over the counter acid stomach treatments and better than Zoton."
	Storage of a drug may not seem important, but betaseron does not have to be refridgerated, which makes it highly portable.  But the main benefit is that the lesions that I was originally diagnosed with DID NOT WORSEN over time.  In addition,  I have had NO new lesions since beginning betaseron.  So this has helped to slow the progress (secondary progressive relapse/remit) and I believe decreased the amount of relapses with residual.  Which, if you have ms this is what you aim for.	I guess the treatment details are how I take it.  The injections are deep subcutaneous.  Because the drug is very hard on tissue, you can't inject into the same area.  Upper arms are divided into 6 imaginary sections, abdomen 6 areas, legs 6 areas, and buttocks 6.  So inject into first arm area on one arm, then next injection opposite arm, then abdomen, legs, and buttocks.  Then you must start over in the first arm, but a different section and then work your way down again.  This keeps tissue necrosis from occuring.  The injections are every other night, and come in a pre-measured syringe the must be mixed SLOWLY with the powder immediately before injection.  MAKE SURE to NOT agitate the sol'n, as it will foam, then you can't get it in the syringe, and then it's useless.
	None. When I was last encountering depression 10 years ago, my Doctor gave me some round green pills whose name I can't rememeber. They worked well, helping numb my depression as I sorted out my life. After recent suicidal feelings regarding a reactive depression to losing my job, my GP prescribed me Citalopram. I just wanted something to numb me again as things got better(which they did) but these tablets nearly sent me crazy.	I never went back to the doctor. I was so desperate for a good nights sleep without teeth-grinding and nightmares, I fell back on alcohol. I've never taken Valium, but feel I should've been given something similar - somthing that would heavily sedate me while I was feeling suicidal. Luckily after a week, my fortunes changed, and I found work again, so the suicidal feelings went.  But I would never take Citalopram again.
	Ritalin made me get up. For the first time I wanted to work. It gave me the good sensation that I  could do things. I worked and worked like a bee. Therefor, depression was a thing of the past when I take this medication. It help my mind to focus and stay sharp.  I can concentrate better with this medication.	Doctor suggested to take Prozac at night time and Ritalin twice a day. So far it has worked for me a patient suffering depression for more than 15 years and it has helped me the Ritalin. Cannot say about Prozac but I notice that I do not get anxiety attack with it.
	Was exposed to an STD, this medication got rid of it. Was also taking Cipro to cure a UTI.	Took four 250 mg pills at once, so 1,000 mgs all together. Quite a hefty dose on my stomach but it worked.
	My infection cleared up within a couple of days.	Awful. thats it.
	Seemed to numb me up and help for sleeping without discomfort while sleeping. Still woke up a couple times with some achey-ness.	Doctor prescribed 1 Pill every 8 hours. I've taken only 1 so far, as I woke up this morning with extreme discomfort as described above.
	In only took the pill for a month, so I do not think it was enough time to see the benefits.	I read about the drug before using it and I was very hesitant about using it since I heard about all the negative side effects. It didn't seem worth it to take the risk and try it, but I spoke to me Doctor about it. He advised me that if I noticed any of the symptoms, I should stop taking the medicine immediately. I took the chance because I don't want to look back ten (more like two, to be honest)years from now and say, "Man, I really wish I would have tried it. Maybe it would have worked, I should have at least done my best to fight this monster called baldness." So I tried it, and I knew almost within the second week that it wasn't for me. I notice all of the side effects and stop taking the medicine. I'm thankful for this website because it gives people the opportunity to be honest and share there experiences. If I had not read some of the comments, I might have continued with the medication and done more damage without knowing it. So thank you. I tried the drug, and realized it wasn't for me. I am very lucky that all of the symptoms have passed and I am back to normal. Funny thing though, here is something I realized, " I can't get laid without my hair, but if I take this drug, I can have hair but I still can't get laid." Who says the bug guy up there doesn't have a sense of humor? Good luck everyone.
	Cleared up my Acne Vulgaris (acne turned into a big boil) and also coincidentally helped manage my lung condition. Usually I take ciprofloxacin 750mg twice a day, two weeks on and two weeks off for my CF, in addition to Azithromycin 250mg every day..BUT when I am off the Cipro i find that my lung condition very gradually deteriorates when I am not on Cipro. My finding was that when I was off the Cipro, and on the Doxycycline, the Doxycycline happen to help "maintain"or slow down the exacerbation of my lung condition.	Doxycycline 100mg twice a day, after meals, with no milk for 1 mour before or after. To helpe with side effects I took 16-22 salt tablets per day (being in a tropical climate) plus panadol 2 tablets twice a day after meals. I found the panadol helped manage the symptoms of vertigo (mild dizzyness). I felt the panadol in low dosages also helped me recover quicker from excercise.
	i was experiencing nausea without vomiting. The doctor prescribed stemetil 3x daily.  The first day the nausea was largely alleviated by the taking the stemetil.	My GP prescribed stemetil for the nausea associated with a migraine. 5 mg x 3 a day. After experiencing the symptoms as described above, I returned to the Doctor.  He injected me with something? which counteracted the uncontrollable cramping I was experiencing.
	Totally reduced anxiety around presenting information to groups.  Made it possible to think clearly and give an effective class.	My MD perscribed the medication for some increasingly intense feelings of anxiety around presenting to certain groups of people in higher levels of management.  I was hoping for something that I could take only on a "as needed" basis as I've never been one to take medication unless absolutely needed.  My MD does not believe in prescribing that kind of medication due to the highly addictive nature. I do not like the side effects of this drug and do not intend to continue it.
	A feeling of relaxed euphoria; i.e., not worrying about anything and feeling slightly "buzzed"	Dr. advised me to start with half the recommended dosage (25 mg of 50 mg, or half a pill 1x/day) and work up to 50 mg/day.  After taking one dosage (25 mg) and experiencing the side effects, I notified the Dr. and stopped taking the medication.  One dose of 25 mg. taken at noon lasted until noon the following day (24 hours).
	Completely eliminated anxiety disorder characterized by panic attacks and generalized anxiety after dosage of 50 mg/day was taken.  Downsside was that while on 25 mg/day start up dose for the first  7 days anxiety was extremely worsened and almost unbearable.	Patient taking 50 mg/day for generalized anxiety disorder and panic attacks.  Initial start up dose 25 mg/day for 7 days.   Anxiety extremely heightened and patient almost disscontinued med because of it.  Hung in there and pill started to decrease and finally eliminate anxiety.
	My head felt very clear for the first time in years. I didn't get rattled as easily. Mood stabilizer is a very good description of it. I was able to get motivated, and not feel the world was ending every time something went wrong. I lost the desire to spend money in a ridiculous fashion.	I spent years shuttling between SSRI's, which I know know were the key element in tipping me into mania several times. After the psychiatrist determined the problem was BiPolar 2, the first treatment she considered was Lamictal. I did get some headaches at first, and unfortunately, at some point the effects were negated by the addition of Adderal. Once the Adderal was stopped, it was all good again. I would recommend this drug to anyone, with the proviso that if the SJS rash shows up, you must stop it immediately. Despite that, I really feel it is worth trying.
	less anxiety, emotional stability	treatment consisted of drug combined with therapy.
	30 year smoker at 1.5 packs per day	Began Chantix Starter pack, then quit on Day 7 or 8 of Chantix.  Been smoke free for 30 days with no withdrawal pains whatsoever.  I plan on staying on 1. mg of Chantix for another 60 days then tapering Chantix until drug free.  This is a miracle drug.  I could not have quit without Chantix.
	my fever was reduced but just for a while, as i threw up almost every 30 minutes after taking the medication and and until i emptied my stomach, the nausea was constant with every intake of the drug .	2 tabs to be taken 3times daily for the duration of the treatment alongside aspirin.
	Got rid of the infection completely.	500ml 2x daily 7 days Had to take for a Bacterial Vaginosis. I have learned that they have a vaginal gel that works just as well. If I ever get diagnosed with this again, I will definately request the gel.
	The ativan decreased my anxiety so that I was able to sleep through the night.	Dissolve one tablet under the tongue at bedtime as needed to a maximum of 3 tablets per week.
	Oily skin & hair reduced, clear skin, long lasting results!	I am only 15 and wanted to not have to fight acne for the rest of my teen years. I have tried multiple amounts of acne medications, but were all ineffective and I suffered more than I did on accutane. Yes, the side effects were odious, but it was nothing that I couldn't handle. The worst was probably the dry lips, in which I soon discovered that the classic Cherry Chapstick was sent from heaven (and must be applied consistantly). I got a lot of bad sunburns & rashes, and my face was constantly red and peeling. I had to get a quality moisturizer and apply throughout the day, and even that wasn't efficient. I eventually had back pains and wore out easily, red eyes, nosebleeds, and minor depression. In addition, IPLEDGE and the monthly blood tests are a hassle. But from the first week I started to clear up continually without initial breakout until now I am 100% acne free. I used to have very oily skin and hair, which now I don't have to worry about. I know results differ from each individual, but I wanted to spread the word that it can work, and I have a lot of friends that have benefited from this product also. Acne is not the end! Accutane can really boost your self confidence. I would recommend on giving it a try. It could change your life forever!
	eliminated urinary tract infection symptoms	I had to finally stop before the end of the dose- I just was not myself. I understand that this drug has been banned in the UK due to the side effects.
	Was to prevent thinning of bones	Take one Boniva once a month.
	Initially, Lexapro helped alleviate some of the stress I was experiencing. I noticed that situations that would normally aggravate me (i.e. stress of work, children, college assignments,etc.) I was able to handle better.	I took approximately 5mg a day. I visited my doctor on monthly basis, and was in contact with her via phone during first several weeks (my doc was old school... she really cares about her patients). I was placed on this treatment as I was a single mother of two very young children, employed full time, and attending college full time. The stress wasoccasionally overwhelming and my usual source of alleviating stress (exercise) was no longer helping.
	quick weightloss	The first few days were fine. I lost the weight quick. All of a sudden the drug was giving me severe sight effects. I felt dizzy, sick to my stomach, I was breaking out in sweats, I had rashes on my legs and arms. My Period came to early and after I stopped taking the pill, I could not use the bathroom for days. Now I have my period again. That never happened in my life before, that I have my period twice a month. I would not recommend the use of this drug. If you are not severly overweight, you can lose the weight without any gadgets. Just eat healthy and exercise. Good luck!
	quick weight loss	"I found that the side effects were so bad that I could not function so I decided to try the Phentramin D since it is designed to have the same effects. I have lost 56 pounds in four months and have never found anything better.

http://www.slimEffects.com"
	none	Prescribed 300 mg, once a day at bedtime for severe reflux and gastritis.  Took one pill and stared to have trouble breathing.  Took Albuterol and in a couple of hours breathing returned to normal.  Called doctor next morning and was told to discontinue use.  Did not work to control reflux.  Started on Pepcid the next day which along with Tums has made reflux managable.
	mild pain reduction in arm/wrist	"My DO prescirbed this pain med to reduce pain in my right arm/wrist from a car accident.



I had tried 3 massage visits with a medical massage therapist that only temporarily relieved the pain. So after trying the massage thearpy, my doctor precribed this pain medication."
	IT WAS supposed to help after major dental surgery?  I HAD ALL MY UPPER TEETH EXTRACTED, AND 4 TEETH EXTRACTED FROM MY LOWER TEETH.  I HAD ROOT PLANING DONE ON BOTH UPPER AND LOWER MOUTH. SURGERY WAS DONE WITH TWILIGHT SLEEP ON AN OUT PATIENT BASIS.  I HAVE A BEAUTIFUL MOUTH NOW AND EVEN MY GUM DISEASE IS IMPROVING,	500 mg. 3 times a day
	I waited about 12 hours after surgery - till incision began to hurt - before I took the drug. It might have been move effective if I had taken it before pain started. As it was, it took about two hours to get relief.	Drug prescribed for pain after surgery.  If I had taken  drug a few hours after surgery, anticipating the incision might be become painful, the outcome might have been different. Because I waited, I took one pill about 9 p.m., another about 11 p.m. and it was not until midnight that I got any relief.  The next morning, I was nauseous and and light headed. I don't take any medication, so the impact of the drug in my system  was noticeable and not pleasant. On second day after surgery, I took a couple of Advil.  After that,  nothing.
	I had inflammation in my ribs due to severe coughing from bronchitis.  Doc told me to only take tramadol in cases where the pain was severe and not to mix with my muscle relaxer (flexeril).  Tramadol did do a decent job of taking away the pain and helping me sleep.	Overall Tramadol just isn't work the side effects I experienced.  I'd rather take a few Aleve and deal with the left over pain.
	The Zydol was effective in reducing my pain after the dose was increased from 50 mg to 100 mg.  The Diazepam made me sleep all the time which was a good thing as I believe the body heals while sleeping	The pain in my side was found to be viral hepatitis.  I continued with Diazepam for two weeks.  Treatment then consisted of reducing fat in the diet and not drinking alcohol for 3 months.  I lost a considerable amount of weight as a result.
	There was no benefit for either my neuropathic pain or migraine headaches.	I had blood tests for blood levels & blood count every month.
	It did help dull my foot pain.	During the second week, I noticed I felt bad and drained.  By the beginning of the third week, I had a positive test for a urinary track infection.  I was given Cipro.  Three days into the Cipro, there was no change.  I also was waking up at odd times of the night, which is odd because the Lyrica puts me into a deep sleep.  I knew then that I was having side effects.  I looked on this site and read the clinical studies that listed all my issues.
	Help me sleep 6 hours	My care provider said to use lunesta three times week at bedtime. I only used it once because of the side effect described above. Also I was only able to get 6 hours of sleep instead of the eight that lunesta promoted in their advertisement.
	I am not sure if it was levothyroxine that helped to normalise the hormone levels. It's kind of strange, as they've only were back in range, when i stopped taking l-thyroxine.	"L-Thyroxine was supposed to increase the low production of thyroid hormones, which was a result of hypothyroidism, as well as to help lower the number of antithyroid antibodies (which indicate the autoimmune disease that may be damaging the thyroid gland).

Levothyroxine (25 mcg)was taken 30???60 minutes before breakfast daily, for almolst 2 years. The doctor told me, that i should take it as long as i live. However, the levels of thyroid hormones have changed dramatically when i stopped taking l-thyroxine, they were in absolutely normal range, which showed, that i do not need to be on l-thyroxine anymore."
	None.  Had to discontinue use after three days because of !	My neurologist that prescribed the med told me to see my primary gyn if symptoms are not gone a week after discontinuation.  Isn't that nice!  I live in a rural town and don't have an established gyn right now so it just is not a good situation.  BEWARE!!!
	Slept through the whole night. Did not even get up to use the rest room.	Was given a thirty day supply. Only took one night. The rest will be thrown out, I will never take this again. That bad.
	My migraines did decrease significantly while on this medication. There was a clear inverse correlation between my Neurontin dosage and my migraine frequency and severity (more neurontin, fewer migraines)	Used as a migraine prophylactic, my Dr. simply increased my dosage over time from what I believe was 300mg. per day up to 2400 over approximately two months. I was to take the medicine throughout the day but I sometimes opted to take a bulk of the total dose at night before bed--the fatigue it produced in me did assist my sleep. Unfortunately no matter when I took it my sleep was also assisted while in my car or at my desk at work! This decreased over time but was still in certain circumstances a danger. I will say however, it did decrease my migraines--the greater my neurontin dose the less my migraines. But I opted to take my migraines over falling asleep driving, possibly killing others or myself. Unfortunately my physician did not take this side effect seriously the many times I told her; after three years of this she continued to insist this side effect would subside. It did lessen but NEVER subsided to a safe level. She's no longer my physician and I now take Lamictal.
	I noticed significant changes in the beginning.  After about 2 years, the dosage needed to be increased and is now at the max.  I am experiencing an ebb in effect and have no way to increase the dosage now.	-
	Started with Fluoxetine for 2 year befoe starting Strattera. Initial benefits: Feeling of urgency to complete work, Morefocus on details, Less emotional lability,Feeling in control, Less forgetting,Less anxiety, panic stopped completely, depressive moods disappeared appearing occasionally. Took once a week counselling ADHD dicussion groups before and during starteera therapy	Afterbreaking for 3 months and receiving antibiotics treatment for the chest problem, resumed strattera 60mg till current. however, currently though with earlier benefits, I have a feeling of "getting stuck" and "hypoerfocussing on things that interest me like browsing, listening to music etc and lack of the initial "kick" to complete tasts and look at things in details. Can someone help advise....should my dosage be increased to 80mg or more? I weigh 80kg. My dosing hasnt been basd on weight.
	Placebo effects, I thought it was helping at first	I took the pills for around two years then heard on the news that many anti-depressants were no more effective than placebo. I decided to stop taking them, I weaned myself off over a few weeks. After this time I was a new person, the world felt real again, I was no longer plodding through life in a daze, I was so much happier, the things I used to enjoy I started to enjoy again. I am extremely angry that I cannot get back those years that I was taking various anti-depressants that turned me into a zombie who did not care about anything or anyone. I understand everyone is different and these may work for some people, but for me these drugs ruined my life, if you are taking them you could be missing out on so much, please consider whether they are doing more harm than good!
	There were no benefits to me with this drug for treating cyclic vomiting syndrome. It did not stop the nausea or vomiting.	Given for the treatment in cyclic vomiting syndrome. I recieved this drug on to different episodes and it had the same effect on me both times. Severe halluciantions and nightmares.
	Helped releive the pain but not for long as the side effects come very quickly and made me feel much worse	I have terrible pain in my hip and my gp gave me the tablets ro help but i only took 4 2 nights and gave up as the side effect are really extreme
	My doctor prescribed Lexapro to treat my condition of Major Depression Disorder (MMD.)  In addtion to Major Depression Disorder, I also have Anxiety Disorder, and prior to treatment, I occassionally get into hyperventilation. I felt better after several days into taking Lexapro, and I was able to sleep better also.	To treat the Major Depression Disorder and Anxiety Disorder, I visited my psychologies on a weekly basis, and my psychiatrist once every two or three weeks. The first drug that the psychiatrist recommended was Lexapro, and I started with the 5 mg dosage, after which I took the 10 mg for about three weeks. As mentioned above, I had to call my psychiatrist by the third week to request a different drug due to significant side effects.
	Clear skin is priceless, to wake ach day confidant, self esteem in tact and out the door with out "needing" makeup..I would do it again.	"I am know 37,STILL have great skin and(maybe time has fuzzied my memory of how truly bad it was..) I would take it again.

I wonder if being on it has any connection to the IBS I developed a few years later? Have read articles connecting the 2?

AND STILL, I would take it again. It really did work amazing"
	When I am in highly stressful situations, I start to cry.  I took xanax at times when I knew this would happen and it worked perfectly.  I did not cry at all, my eyes didn't even water.  This has never happened with any other medication.	Dr. suggested I take a lower dose to decrease the side effects but when I did that, I still cried during the stressful situations.
	This medication was greatly effective in alleviating my depression, more effective than SSRIs or SNRIs I have tried.  Also, the effects did not seem to wear off with time (over the course of treatment, 9-12 months) which I experienced with celexa and effexor xr.  The facial pain was also decreased, this medication is also used as a treatment for nerve pain.	I began at 10mg then worked up to a 50mg dose.  I had relatively good suppression of depressive symptoms at all doses, higher doses being better.  The higher doses did not seem to increase the weight gain/heart rate side effects any more than the lower doses (as in non-dose-dependent effects).
	Prevented pregnancy	I was very skeptical about taking Seasonique, because some friends of mine had taken it in the past and did not have good experiences. However, I had always experienced heavy periods and cramping, even after trying 3 different birth controls so I decided to give it a try. My doctor assured me that Seasonique was safe and I shouldn't have any . After only a couple weeks, I started experiencing headaches and extreme breast tenderness. I didn't think much of it at first, but then I started experiencing more side effects. I have been blessed with great skin, only having a few pimples throughout my lifetime. However, after being on Seasonique for about a month, I started to notice my skin was frequently breaking out. I didn't want to stop taking birth control, so I figured I would give it a little bit longer to adjust to my body. About a month and a half into taking Seasonique, I began to breakthrough bleed. I had a full blown period for exactly 3 weeks. I consulted my doctor about a week into the period and she assured me it was totally normal. While on Seasonique, I could definitely feel significant changes in my body that were not normal for me. For these reasons, I would NOT recommend Seasonique to anyone.
	The doctor gave me a shot of cortazone.that quickly reduced . I was sent for therapy for about ten visits. I was also prescribed celebrex. However the celebrex actually made me feel worse. My heart was racing and it hurt my throat when I swallowed. It felt like I had a marble logged in my throat.my blood pressure was sky rocketing. The pain was gone but I felt terrible.	MRI,physica The doctor gave me a shot of cortazone.that quickly reduced . I was sent for therapy for about ten visits. I was also prescribed celebrex. However the celebrex actually made me feel worse. My heart was racing and it hurt my throat when I swallowed. It felt like I had a marble logged in my throat.my blood pressure was sky rocketing. The pain was gone but I felt terrible. l therapy,cortisone shot,celebrex
	I slept wonderfully well.	I took 200 mg at night at first.  This was then decreased to 25 mg at night to help me sleep.
	"Crestor reduced my LDLC dramatically. Unfortunately there is no evidence that Crestor reduces heart attack risk or other cardiac event or reduces plaques. Stents and bypasses have not been proven to promote longevity either - merely to alleviate discomfort. 

My blood pressure went as low as 80/40 which made me faint"	"I started on 10 milligrams and after three weeks my total cholesterol went from 11.5 [449] to 7.5 [293] [so i increased the dose to 20 mgm. After three more weeks my total cholesterol dropped to 5.2 and my LDL was 3.7 [NB multiply by 39 to convert to US measures] - this was still too high - the next level in Crestor is 40 mgm - 

i am now taking no blood pressure medication and no Crestor



my regime is lots of exercise, a good diet , no refined sugar or trans fats, olive and macadamia oils, a glass of red wine  and Vit E 440iu [instead of aspirin] Vit C 3 grams per day and lysine and proline 3 gms each per day [a la linuspauling.com] - after six months i get no side effects  - and no symptoms!"
	Helps to get patient to sleep more quickly than any other sleep aid; no morning "grogginess" as with some other medications.	Take Ambien in various dosages (up and down) for primary long-standing (over 25 years) insomnia.  Have tried various drugs over the years. Better results compared with temazepam, lunesta, melatonin, lorazepam, trazadone, but stimulates appetite and ingestion of (yes, I started counting!) 300-400 extra calories at bedtime and shortly thereafter.  About 10# weight gain.  Often have had best results when dosage is high enough to induce sleep rapidly, "skipping" the chance to get hungry.
	For the depression it didn't make much of a difference; but it worked wonders for my anxiety. The edginess, nervousness, impatience, fear of socializing and going out of the house, completely disappeared after one month of taking it. My close friends even commented that 'I was my old self again'. I was much more relaxed and happy. It made me realize that I was misdiagnosed as depressed, when what I really have is anxiety. After talking to my new psiquiatrist, we came to that conclusion.	I started with 10mg/day, for one month, when I started to feel less anxious, but not motivated or more energetic, as expected from an anti-depressive medication. Then the dose went up to 20mg/day for another 3- 4 months, when no 'anti-depression' effects were noticed, the dose went up to 30 mg/day, it made no difference either. I have stopped taking it gradually (20mg/day for 1 week, then 10mg/day for 3 weeks) until i stopped completely. Now I'm waiting to see how I feel, to see if I 'll try another medication, since the side effect described above was intolerable to me.
	Fungus dead	The terbinafine was taken to eradicate nail fungus, which had aggressively attacked 2 toenails and was spreading to nearby digits. The terbinafine 250mg tablets were taken, 1 per day, for a little over 2 months. The first symptoms of the rash were noticed as slight, itchy redness on the skin around the chest and stomach area. These symptoms were noticed on 5/21, about 7 weeks into the treatment, but the condition not diagnosed as an allergic reaction until 6/10. By that time it had spread to 70% of the body, on the torso, back, and legs. The diagnosing physician suspected the terbinafine, and the patient immediately stopped taking the drug. Assessment of the original condition (toenail fungus) was that the terbinafine had already successfully resolved it.
	Controls the anxiety and fear of being without breathing.	"Begginng dose: 25 mg for 1.5 yr.(may 08 to dec 09).



Dec 09: want 2 have bbs..so I talked 2 my Doc and I start with 12.5 this week (dec 7, 09). To end the process.



If I can turn back time..OMG..I used alternative treatments..no drugs.."
	I was prescribed this medicine by my neurologist who prescribed it to treat both seizures and migraine headaches. The medicine was very effective. In the 6 month period I was on the medicine, I only experienced 3 seizures compared to my normal 3 a week. Migraine headaches were also reduces, only apparent if triggered by something severe.	While the medicine was successful in treating both seizures and migraines, being a college student the side effects became too unbearable to continue the medication. My grades began to slip, and discontinuing the medication became necessary.
	I didn't get any blackheads, and my cystic acne was considerably reduced. If a I started getting a giant underground pimple, it would clear up in a week. Without treatment, it could take a month or two to go away.	After washing my face in the evening before bed time, I would apply a thin layer.
	Faint pigmentation started to disappear after ten days of use, and dark ones continued to become lighter.  Overall, skin became smoother and lighter after cleansing.	Applied at night, after cleansing the face, more than thirty minutes before going to bed.  Used ~1 cm of the cream for entire face and neck, followed with 4% Hydroquinone solution.  When swelling occurred, application was omitted until it disappears, which usually took place in 24 hours.
	I did sleep reliably and without waking up in the middle of the night	I was prescribed this drug for insomnia.  My MD told me that it had been used as an anti-depressant, but didn't work well for that, but was good for insomnia.  She originally prescribed 25 mg, and suggested I work up from that if 25 was ineffective.  I am very drug sensitive, so when 25 mg. really knocked me out and I could barely wake up the next day, I cut the pills in half, and that seemed to work--but I just gradually got the effects mentioned above.  I realized later that I had taken the same drug, higher dose, under the name Desyrel when I was 43 for post partum depression.  It didn't work, and it made my blood pressure go down--the number I remember is 77/44.  Same reaction--very sedated, confused, etc.  I would never have taken it, but it was not identified as Desyrel, even on the pharmacy information sheet, so I didn't realize what it was.  The weird thing about this drug (for me) is that it makes me so confused, but subtly, that I can't think clearly enough to realize what is happening until it gets pretty bad.  I know I am very sensitive, and this may be a completely idiosyncratic reaction, but I don't think so.  When I talked to the pharmacist about it she said "Yeah, some people just can't take it."  I know people who take 300 mg a night--and they are fine!.
	There seemed to be some mild improvement in alertness once he went onto the stronger (10 mg) version of the pill. There was no noticeable improvement in mood which was a disappointment.	He started out with the introductory dose (5 mg) and then graduated to the full dose (10 mg). When the side effects became a problem, he was put back down to the introductory dose, but the side effects continued, and we saw no real benefits from the drug. (We recently switched him to the Namenda patch which he seems to be tolerating.)
	I was able to turn my thoughts off at night	a 12.5 mg pill a night
	my throat was better.  My headache started to pass away quite fast. At the end of the third day, with the help of the other medication I took during the treatment, I was healthy and could go to work.	I was taking 2 1000 mg tablets a tablets a day . I was also taking Clarinase to releave congestion  . The insomnia like side effects I encountered may be because of clarinase.
	Extremely effective for staying awake.  No jitters, just plain awake.  Puts you in a great mood too, but definitely not high.	Works great, but acne is terrible
	My bleading slowed.	Used for heavy bleading due to fibroids.
	BETTER SLEEP- WELL RESTED	I WAS ADVISED TO DISCONTINUE USE AFTER CONSULTATION WITH MY INTERNIST BY PHONE.  I TOLD HER THAT I WAS EXPERIENCING A SIDE EFFECT OF THE ELAVIL THAT SHE PRESCRIBED FOR A MORE RESTFUL SLEEP PATTERN TO HELP WITH MY FIBROMYALGIA.  I HAD BEEN TAKING 10 MGS. FOR ALMOST 3 WEEKS AND GRADUALLY INCREASED TO 15 MGS.  AT THE 15 MG. DOSAGE I BEGAN EXPERIENCING ALL OVER BODY SHAKINESS--TREMORS -EVEN AFFECTING MY SPEECH.  SHE ADVISED TO DISCONTINUE IMMEDIATELY WITHOUT "RAMPING" DOWN MY DOSAGE.
	Helped my abdominal pain and bowels. A little more energy after the first infussion but not much after the rest.  Helped with fistulas.	First two times had the IV steriod for an hour or so. Last two times took benadryl before.  Recieved Remicade IV for 2hrs.  Always slept after.  Nurse would check on me during treatment everything was normal.
	None	I went to Dr because it looked like a wound on my leg from a scrap was getting infected.  He prescribed Levaquin for 10 days.  I only took one tablet and within 2 hours I felt very lightheaded and nauseaus.  I actually had to lay down and have someone call the doctor for me.  They told me to quit taking it and put me on Cefadroxil (generic for Duricef) instead.  I tolerated that fine.  Levaquin is a very expensive antibiotic and now I'm stuck with the cost of that.  They should just give it out in 1-2 tablet doses first to see if you can tolerate it before you get a full 10 day supply.
	The benefit is that it cleared up the giardia infection I had.	500 mg, three times a day for seven days.
	Controlled allegies very well	I took Zyrtec for many years without adverse reaction.  Only when it became OTC did the problem begin.
	Very concentrated , very alert , Euphoria , more done in less time , sociable , energetic .	Vyvanse is a new medication used to treat ADHD. It is a time-released capsule. It is easy to swallow (no bad taste like pressed pills), and does not upset your stomach. The pill releases the drug slowly, so ur not hit with all of it at one time. This allows for the medicine to be equally effective all day, not just for a few hours. Since Vyvanse is new, there is no generic for it.
	lightening of acne scars	this topical compound was used to reduce hyperpigmentation of skin.  the medication was suggested for nightly use but the adverse effects were too intense, and the drug could not be tolerated but few times per week for the duration of 8 weeks.
	This drug did have benefits in that it stabilized my mood somewhat. I still suffer from severe bouts of depression- mostly caused by the side effects of the drug.	I agree that this medication has some positive effects but the negative side-effect FAR OUTWEIGH the good.  Its been prescribed over and over to me by lazy doctors not willing to help me find the right medication for my condition. Any attempt to discontinue the medication has led to severe and acute withdrawal symptoms.
	Was supposed to wait 10 days before attempting to quit 100%. The urge to smoke lessened significantly from first day.  Went from smoking 15-20 cigarettes a day to about 5-10 the first day.  By the end of the first week a was smoking 1 or 2 a day.  Quit before the 10 days were up.  1.5 years later, I am still not smoking.	"Within the first week I was very irritable but that is to be expected. I've quit for a couple of months before and this happened, too.  However, I completely changed.  I could not control my temper, I got very depressed. I didnt realize what was happening other than I just felt ""bitchy"".  After 3 weeks  I quit using the drug from 2/day to 1/day for a few days then quit.  Total I used it for about a month.  



I went into a severe depression in which I was either very angry, very sad or just felt numb. I cycled between those feelings. Nothing brought me pleasure, the things that used to love to do like dancing or  going out with friends, did nothing for me.  I didn't care to do them. I thought I was going crazy. I was like this for about 4 months before I started feeling a little better and maybe about 6-7 months before I felt like myself again.  



I still get occasional cravings but the thought of going through that again keeps me away.  I consider it to be effective but would recommend joining a support group or going to a counselor to help cope with the mood swings.  If you don't have someone you see on a daily basis that can point out those changes I would highly recommend the latter.  I didn't realize that i had fallen into a depression until months into it."
	Lipitor did lower my total cholesterol count, triglycerides, and bad cholesterol as well as raising my good cholesterol.  I was happy with the results.	Treatment was to administer Lipitor 10 mg daily, watch diet by eating lots of fruits and vegetables, eat fish and decrease amount of red meat.  Continue with exercise daily for at least 30 minutes each day.
	they were like a magic tablet	i was taking 2.5mg for many years and then i went onto 1mg 3-times daily and after 34years i am still taking them
	Well, I did not have an appetite all day.  But then at night, I was very hungry.  I only lost about 2 pounds in the week I took it.	There are not treatment details really.  I was overwieghtand not loosing even though I was followinga strict diet and eating well.  I needed to up my metabolism.  It worked.  But aftera week of no sleep and bad headaches, I decided it wasn't worth it.
	Slight anxiety reduction but minimal.	Started 15 then to 30 then 45 then 60.  At 60 unfunctional and urinary retention!  Back to 30 then 45.  Doesn't seem to work for me after one month.
	Facial swelling reduced dramatically over 3 days, only to return (less so) as a side effect.  I could have just taken Benadryl, and although it would have taken longer to recover from the allergic reaction (possibly another week), I would have been normal without side effects, and without withdrawal effects.  The drug took a modest problem and created a far worse one.  I told the physician I reacted strongly to drugs.  Since then I've learned that some physicians are quite blas??? about the side effects of prednisone -- apparently that old adage about "first do no wrong" is no longer important.	Oral, 10 mg. tablets, 3 days at 60mg, gradual tapering over 18 days
	Tretinoin, used in conjunction with the Obagi regimen, greatly reduced facial hyperpigmention which was due to hormones and sun damage.	Tretinoin (pea size) was blended on the back of the hand with an equal amount of Blender (#5 step in the Obagi system).  The mixture was then applied to the face, neck and chest avoiding the eyes and lips. The residual cream remaining on the hand was spread on the back of the hands to reduce "age spots".  No noticeable side effects were evident on the hands, but the procedure was effective.  Care was taken not to expose the treated areas to sunlight.
	reduced the pain and swelling	given over a period of 3 years... at first daily and then, due to stomache irritation, reduced to use only when needed. Stomache problems evident when taking 3 a day for 2 or more days.  Given tab for coating the stomache.
	Extremely effective in reducing long-term, chronic pain (muskoskeltal and nerve), especially as a long-acting, baseline pain reducer in combination with a break-thru medication (I used Hydrocodone APAP and/or Percocet) for spikes in pain levels (due to falls, joint dislocations, broken bones, etc that cause temporary or short-term increases in pain.)	I took Duragesic as a long-term maintenance medication on several different occasions, but it can be taken permanently as long as it remains effective.
	"Didn't get pregnant

Clear skin

Light periods"	Lost interest in sex rapidly, if I was ever aroused (very rare) I couldn't achieve an orgasm, every part of my body seemed to dry out and subsequently age a bit and in the case of my eyes this drying and ageing process was pretty severe. Doctors were baffled as to why I'd ended up with such dry eyes at such a young age, said they weren't sure what caused it but said it normally happens to menopausal or elderly women (I was 20-21 at the time). Now looking back I realise that the dry eyes match with a lot of the other symptoms I was experiencing at the time, many of which are normally symptoms of the menopause/ageing. Considering these symptoms have now either completely disappeared or improved since stopping the use of hormonal birth control methods (I now use the copper IUD), I believe they may well have been linked Yasmin. Yasmin is one scary pill- I came off it worried that I was prematurely going through the menopause and that I would never be able to enjoy painless, bloodless, pleasurable sex again.
	To cease smoking.  I have a 40 year old habit!	Take one  1 mg tablet two times per day.  The first several days the dosage was one half until I worked my way up.
	I did not experience any treatment benefits from Topamax for my severe and incapacitating migraines. I did not get relief for my migraine headaches. My migraine headaches did not stop. My migraine headaches did not decrease in duration(3 days per migraine) or intensity (severe). I had one - 3 day a week migraine for over seven years.	The treatment details for Topamax which is used to treat seizure disorders was also supposed to treat migraines are as follows.  As the patient I was to take fifty milligrams per day and was told I would lose perhaps two percent of my body weight but that after a thirty day period my migraines would decrease in intensity and decrease in duration.
	I cannot say whether this medication was or was not effective because I stopped taking it after 2 doses. I discontinued the medication because the side effects were severe and much worse than the condition prescribed for.	The initial skin infection is clearing up.
	I did find new hairs coming in on my scalp, but only in the middle of my head where I wasn't losing any hair, but that is about it.	1 mg/day
	reduced total cholesterol significantly (by 100 points) in 2 weeks.	stopping treatment
	infection improved in 7 days, temperature subsided in 3 days, soreness subsided in 5 days, overal wellbeing returned in about 10 days	Rash appeared on the third day of treatment.  Office staff called, advised to stop medication, take Benadryl, go to ed if symptoms worsen.
	very effective birth control, nice not to take pill every day, couldnt feel it while it was inserted, except when exercising.	insert one ring for 3 weeks, remove for one week and insert new ring for another 3 weeks
	improved concentration, increased productivity, decrease in impulsivity, decrease in distractibilty, increased libido	"I seemed to metabolized the drug quickly. Onset was rapid and anxiety producing. The extended release did  not work for me. I was tried on a variety of doses, from several small doses through out the day, with minimal effectiveness, to several higher doses per day, up to 20mg 3x a day in combination with Xanax to decrease the anxiety. I was not prescribed Xanax prior to the higher doses of Ritalin. That combination worked better than the previous, but I felt drugged out a lot. So my doctor put me on 20 mg at 6am, and noon, with a small 5-10mg dose in the evening, and Xanax only as needed. I learned to live with the anxiety and work around it. I planned my doses where the onset(1 hour) would occur when I was alone or in only with a small group of people. I had to plan everything around the Ritalin to survive with the anxiety, but it was very difficult. But it was the only way I could keep a job. Without the Ritalin I was unable to concentrate enough at work to remain employed. 



Eventually my doctor retired, and I went to a psychiatrist who has ADHD himself, and he prescribes Adderall, 20mg early morning and noon, and 10 mg mid  afternoon.  The sustained release doesn't work well overall for me. My focus isn't as strong as it was on Ritalin, but there is no problem with anxiety, and I don't need the Xanax."
	My son had an allergic reaction.  He broke out in sever hives all over his body	n/a
	The Lupron suppressed the growth of the Endometriosis on my urethas.	Received one shot during each visit once a month.  Then after the third shot started having severe memory loss.  Could not remember where I was driving to while in my car, could not remember where I lived etc.
	THIS IS A WIDELY USED COMMON ANTIBIOTIC OINTMENT FOR SUPERFICIAL LACERATIONS	YOUNG MALE WORKING IN A FACTORY CAME TO HEALTH CLINIC WITH A SUPERFICIAL LACERATION ON HIS FINGER - AFTER CLEANSING THE AREA WITH SOAP WATER PEROXIDE BACITRACIN AND A CLEAN DRY DRESSING APPLIED. WORKER CAME BACK THE FOLLOWING DAY WITH THE FINGER SWOLLEN 2XS AND NOW WOUND ENLARGED AND DRAINING. SENT TO ER FOR F/UP TX OF STEROIDS.
	Well, I didnt have any babies, so I guess Seasonique did its job. My pimples cleard up.	"I have taken this about 3 different times, for three months at a time because thats what the doctor gave me. But this past time of taking it, I remember thinking ""This is so not worth it!"" as I couched over the toilet. So I recently switched to Ortho Cyclen and and going to test this one out to see if its any better. 



Seasonique is not bad, perhaps it was just me with the horrible side effects, but I will probably never take this ever again."
	Instead of curing my depression, this drug made me feel completely flat.	I had been on Zoloft for 5 years with no problems. After a while it had been less effective, and my doctor cycled me rapidly through other drugs that did not work well. I had been inpatient for a week because treatment had been going so poorly. So this drug seemed better, compared to that, for a while, but gradually I noticed that I didn't so much feel better as that I just didn't feel anything at all.
	My daughter and I both suffer from Wilson Disease, we had taken Galzin for more than five years.  But my daughter had especially bad stomach nausea and vomitting.  We had made the switch over to Gluzin for a year now, and she no longer has any upset stomach.	Took 50 MG three times a day.
	some reduction in lung inflammation	I took singulair for years before I realized that it was not really doing much and I strongly suspect that it contributed to my severe depression and mood swings.  I have always had severe asthma and allergies and was hospitalized many times as a youngster.  I did have allergy shots which I truly think helped with my allergies.  When I got older, and inhaled cortisteroids were invented I started taking them, along with Singulair.  I was told that it was the "most benign medication that I was on" so I never thought twice about popping that small pill each day.  I suffered from frequent chest infections - that is a side effect of the singulair since it blocks the leuketrines that react and cause inflammation.  When I was 25, I started having severe mood swings and had to start taking an anti-depressant.  I continued the singulair without any thoughts.  However, after my third child, we were broke and I was trying to cut some medications down to save money and I stopped the singulair for a while.  I did notice that my asthma got worse so I figured oh well, have to start the Singulair again, that's when I started having the severe mood swings again.  I started doing some research online and read an article written by a mother who lost her son to suicide and attributed it to the singulair.  In my heart of hearts, I truly believe that more attention should be given to this drug, and it's affects on the brain.  I am no longer taking it and I am having much better luck with zyrtec.
	The benefits of the treatment was that the hives that had been present for a minimum of three years were beginning to clear up.  The chronic itchiness that was associated with the hives also began to lessen.  The greatest benefit of taking Singular was that the overall hyper-sensitivity of my skin was finally beginning to lessen.	"After many tests and a variety of test treatments my dermatologist determined a course of Singular would be the best course of treatment for the chrnic hives I was suffering from.  



I began taking it as per his instructions (one tablet nightly before bed).  Within a matter of 2 days I began to feel incredibly tired.  By day 5 I found I was falling asleep at odd times throughout the day.  



I called the dermatologists office and was told to expect some tiredness and to continue with the treatment.  



At the end of one month the tiredness still hadn't subsided.  I returned to the dermatologists office and informed him I could no longer tolerate the side effects.



He stopped the treatment of Singular."
	Their were no benefits, after discharge, 2days later I ended up in an emergency room. I was allergic to the cipro which was causing the nausea and had a very bad adverse reaction to the Reglan. The emergency room doctor stopped them both & placed me on other drugs.	Had abdominal surgery for diverticulitis, during procedure a hole was riped in the bowel. I was placed on a number of IV antibiotics, I was nausea the full 10 days in the hospital so 2 days before discharge they pt me on Reglan.
	The Fentanyl patch helped some with pain, however, the patient was still in considerable pain.	The patient was suffering from cancer of the esophagus, which was in an advanced state at the time of diagnosis.  The patient was to begin treatment for cancer the day following his death.  He had received a feeding tube through his stomach and was sent home from the hospital with a perscription for Fentanyl patches for pain.  He had previously been taking a much milder medication.  The patient rapidly deteriorated and died within 6 days of receiving the feeding tube and within 5 days of beginning the Fentanyl patch for pain.
	I suffer from an anxiety disorder and have tried several medications. So far Clonazepam has helped me the best.	I take the medication three times daily and I see a doctor once a week to see how I am doind as far as medications and to get therapy.
	95% cleared chronic severe psoriasis from scalp to feet. Extremely easy to administer.	took 10 mg every 3 hours for a total dose of 30 mg/wk. Initially started with 15 mg/wk but became tolerant and had to move up to 30 mg/wk
	Perhaps a slight improvement in nerve pain	I took it 3 times daily to help reduce nerve pain from spinal compression that needs to be fused but I did not want another fusion yet so this was one of the medications they put me on when nuerontin at the levels I needed caused some of the same side effects as Lyrica;.
	Alleviated all my symptoms with in the first week	I felt a difference within the first week. I am just so hopeful the side effects start to go away as this drug has saved my marriage and improved my families lives immensely. My main concern so far is the insomnia which was a problem straight away. I have just changed to taking my medication in the mornings, I will see how I go.
	I slept well, except that was not my problem. I was forced to miss work due to a very deep sleep.	Before Bedtime
	Raise the platform of being less anxious	Began taking a doseage of 35 and increased to 200 mg.  at 150 and 200 noticed lack of balance and reduction of motor skills. Immediately reduced to 75 which was perfect for the patient but well below the recommended level of 200 to 400 mg.
	none so far	Started at 500mg with most of the symptoms, increased to 1000mg and developed constant itching and skin disorders
	got rid of uti	for the treatment of prevention of chronic uti
	depression reduced slightly	I took lexapro for depression, within 2 weeks it affected my sex drive and within 4 weeks i was having difficulty reaching orgasm, whereas my entire life I never had this problem.  My depression was only minimally relieved.  I stopped taking it within 2 months, because I wanted my sex life back, and luckily it did come back.
	Gabapentin worked extremely well for my leg neuropathy.A combination of Zyrtec and Veramyst works quite well for my allergies. Requip takes care of my restless legs which at times had me getting up and having to walk to relieve the discomfort. Baclofen helps with my spasticity. After taking amitriptyline I am able to go to sleep in an hour or so. As for the Copaxone who knows? I have had only one flare up since starting it.	When Zyrtec alone didn't controll my allergies my doctor prescribed the Veramyst to try. This combination seems to be working, Zyrtec once a day and Veramyst twice daily. The Baclofen 10mg.is taken as needed one to four times a day. Sometimes I'm not bothered with spasticity too often but when I am I take the Baclofen and it works.Amitriptyline tabs 25mg are taken before bedtime.Requip tabs .5mg are taken in the evening. Gabapentin 300mg is taken 3-4 times a day depending on the severity of pain. Tetracycline HCL 250mg is taken once a day. The Copaxone 200mg is injected once a day. I discontinued the Detrol LA as I could not tolerate the extreme dry mouth.
	Took care of the GCA -as long as I am taking it at least.	"The gca with eye involvement responded to the 60 mg prednisone immediately. the tapering of the prednisone proves to be the most difficult. After the first complete tapering ( down to zero ) a relapse occurred. Now on 6 mg maintencance. 

The side effects are somewhat held in check through rigorous vitamin and other orthomol. products, fishoil etc and exercise."
	Less acne. It didn't disappear, though. And a regular menstrual cycle.	"I took 2 pills, of 750 mg each of Glucophage XR, every day before going to sleep, during 1 year. Every 6 month sugar levels were controlled by a blood sample.



Now i have been prescribed Cabergoline for 1 month."
