	none - did nothing to help allergies. i just had a dryer, more painful version of my allergies with new allergies/irritations developing on top of my original ones. this stuff is dangerous and the side effects that many people are experiencing are not listed on the package. a class action lawsuit needs to happen.	took one 10 mg pill nightly.
	The treatment cured the sore throat for which it was perscribed.	I took omnicef orally for 10 days.  After the clostridium difficil was diagnosed, I had to start a new course of drugs which had to be repeated before the new infection/condition was cured.
	None. She did an anaphylaxis schock and she did not receive any benefit .	It was used for  back pain . She did a severe reaction ( anaphylactic schock). We did the right treatment . We use adrenaline and IV solutions inmediately, we have to transport the patient to the more big hospital in our city and she was at intense care unit  by 5 days. She is outside now , but she got as aftermath an Asthma and she is using Inhalator.
	While on abilify I can honestly say the depression resolved,	I am only taking ativan & getting psychological therapy & trying to get out of the legal mess the drugs seroquel & abilify caused me. It definitely made my life now & in the future much, much worse.
	None!	See above
	I couldn't tolerate the side effects, so I was unable to experience the benefits.	I was only on this medication for a very short time because after 3 days my doctor took me off of it.
	Overall reduction in the severity of breakouts.	Take one pill after dinner. Wash face with medicated facewash. Use Retin-A micro in conjunction with spironolactane.
	I did not get pregnant while on the depo shot... but then again my sex life was shot due to the constant bleeding.	I recieved the shot at family planning about 3 years ago. Please do yourself a favor and look to other options before choosing this drug. My experience was the hardest 3 months of my life both emotionally and physically.
	It seemed to help make me not want to smoke. I seemed to not even think about smoking at times i would normally smoke. I think it would be very efective if the side effects werent so great.	I quit taking this med after about  a week and i am now still smoking.
	"Personally, i found metronidazole to be an equivalent to a concentration drug, it severely improved my intelligence and my overall concentration, i realise now that this drug, as it may be depressing, a new chapter in my life.



during the medication i received, i was severely depressed, however it got me thinking deeply towards why i was indeed depressed, and thus, i came to a solution.



it completely destroyed the bacteria that was within my abscess and treated me within 3 days, and aided my mind alot.



Within my experience with metronidazole, i have only to thank it for my A* papers and my mental health.



With that i have only this to say:

Take it, it aids the physical problems you have, and if your like me at all, with greater ambitions than any human can dream,  This will make you realise all the problems you encounter, and it will cleanse you of your worries."	"400 MG 3 Times DAILY 

 

NOT to be taken with any alchohol.



7 Day period."
	The benefits were highly good in the fact that it immensley eased the pain in the joints of my mother.When she stopped taking the medication she was faced with accute pain again, so she kept on taking it.	"Treatment details is as followed she took twice daily with food.

sometimes she forgot to take her medication soon to realise that the pain was coming back.  So hence she realised she had forgotten to take it.   It clearly worked to relieve the pain of arthritis."
	Noticeable improvement within 24 hours. Marked improvement within three days. Cleared sinus infection and bronchitis in the ten day prescription time period.	Was given Levaquil after a Z Pac did not work.
	cured the UTI	two pills per day with a lot of water.
	My mother had slight high blood pressure and was prescribed Lisinopril along with the water pill. The medication was doing its job, lowering BP to normal.	Patient was taking a low dose of Lisinopril 1 pill a day for slight high blood pressure. She took the medication on and off for 5 years.  She would take it when she felt she needed it.  Sometimes for about 3 months in a row and other times just 1 time a week.  Sometimes she would stop taking it for a couple of months.
	none...I am reguired to write fifty words bon the treatment benefits but since I had to discontinue the drug or die there were no benefits and I would be telling a bald faced lie if I said there were and but I will keep on typing so that I comply with the request for the fifty word minimun	Cipro was started while waiting for the results of a urine culture after it was found that I had blood in my urine and I had a high white blood cell count in the urine specimen. The thought was I had a severe infection so she opted to hit it hard with the most potent medicine available
	Hardly any except I felt so physically tired that I couldn't even feel depressed.	I just started treatment for severe depression. I sleep okay, but have nightmares all night, which is why my doctor recommended Remeron. I am going to ask for a change in this because even though it has only been a few days, I am barely functional.
	none, I felt worse. This is probably a drug that works for some people but didn't work at all for me in fact I felt much much worse. Unfortunately, I didn't review the contraindications.	i took it once a day for PMS
	drug helped alleviate stuffy feeling without much notice of any side effects.	topical and internal steroid meds and antibiotics to avert infection, all help just until the next outbreak which after the last bout was about a week or so.
	Patient experienced no treatment benefits.	Treatment details are as described above.
	Cleared up the infection but any number of other drugs would have done just as well, without the awful side effects.	I subsequently discovered that I was prescribed this drug for a condition that any number of other drugs would have cleared up just as as easily and was given way too much of it as well.  The whole experience has been a nightmare.  Nearly a year later, still suffering after-effects.  Do not take this drug without checking it out. Cipro was black-boxed by the FDA less than a week after I finished my prescription, and MDs still hand it out like candy.
	I had taken avalox several times before because I had become immune to other antibiotics.  Avalox seemed to work previously.	Chemo likely for the rest of my life.
	there was none.	Took him to doctor a few times for deppression. Doctor wrote a perscription. He was just a M.D., did not get a syc eval.
	The first few days I felt "happier"	It was horrible..just read above
	None	"Ladies: I am sure you may have done lots of researches by now regarding taking Seasonique (PLEASE do before you try to take this drug), and there are lots of negative than positive comments on this drug. I would like to point out a couple of my comments to share with you. I normally have 4 - 5 days menstrual periods every month. But I was not happy and tried to be on this drug because it described 4 periods only per year (WOW! what a great idea, especially I have small child, school, work, and husband). Guess what happen since then? I have been bleeding almost 2 weeks now, and from light to heavy, the worst part is I get all these uncomfortable cramps, keep waking up at night, my personalities change from good to bad, I have not been in a good mood since then. of course not, how can I be in a good mood when my vagina keeps bleeding on me every single day (I am sure no woman likes that), and so on. I spoke with my OB, and she said it's normal. I don't think so, it is completely not normal to me. I have been bleeding, and ruin my daily life style. No wonder it is called Birth Control. How can you have sex with your partner while you have all these symtomps in your body especially bleeding? I stop this drug, and can't wait to have my clean dates back.



Ladies: I am not saying all the women's body are the same. But if you want to be on this drug. I would advise you do more researches and read more comments before trying, and other advise is if you think it's a good idea for 4 periods per year, you may want to think twice. Because it's a mother nature for women that has 13 menstrual periods every year, trying to change it and playing with your hormones are the game, unless you like to gamble, then you may want to try this excitment drug, and hope you will win. Otherwise, please consider something else. I am so regret that I did not read all the comments and reviews before I asked my OB to put me on this drug. Therefore, I have to suffer what I deserve (I guess). I just don't want to see another woman to be suffered like me, as I finally found out there are lots of women out there are taking the same drug (before I made up my mind to throw this drug away) that are suffering the same symtomps but still want to continue and hopefully that will work one day. For me, ""no is no"". You can call me chicken or looser or whatsoever. But let me tell you, it is defintely not fun if the drug makes your life changes from okay to worse!



Final words...... Good luck if you are on this prescription, and I hope you win, if not, you defintely need these words ""Good Luck""! :)"
	Significantly decreased depression and anxiety. More effective than Lexapro which was also taken prior by patient. Definitely a more effective product.	Taken daily at night before bedtime. Also exercised daily and increased activity which contributed to success.
	None. though suffering terrible pain from shingles, this drug cause a severe adverse reaction and necessitated calling an ambulance. It created sever pain in another site entirely, so effectively doubled my trouble.	Prescribed to deal with severe neuralgic pain from shingles. Stopped treatment after adverse reaction.
	the pain in my tooth started to subside	I was rushed to the doctors office and given another drug to counter the effects of the penicillin.  I was sick from the whole episode for a very long time.  I am never suppose to take penicillin again or any drug that is a derivative of penicillin.
	No benefits whatsoever, no change in bone density. I took one tablet on the same day each week with plenty of water first thing in the morning and stood upright for the next two hours as I prepared for work. The side effects were numerous and severe, and with continued use compounded themselves to the point that I feared I may not survive the year. My physician at the time refused to believe me and insisted that I continue taking the drug. I began intense research on my own and discovered I was not alone, and would have to make every attempt to save myself.	After extensive research, I began a complete detoxification process accompanied by acupuncture which I believe ultimately saved my life. My advice: listen to what your body is telling you, be aware and be pro-active with your treatments.
	After taking the Zyban for 3 weeks my desire to smoke was nearly eliminated. I had tried other methods to quit smoking and this one actually worked! Unfortunately I had a severe allergic reactions to the medication (the main ingredient Wellbutrin).	I was impressed with the ability the medication had with my decreased desire to want to smoke, but the side affects/allergic reaction was to severe to continue using it.
	None.	25mg once at bedtime to start first week, then 50, 75, 100, 150, then 200mg final dosage after weekly increase. Tiredness was suppose to subside in increased dosages, which really I feel it was so highly increased that it had a reverse affect and made it impossible to sleep or move or even hear a pin drop without thinking it was the front glass door being broken into.
	not worth the cost of the side effects.  Becasue I was so miserable, I discontinued the medication early and opted for a more conventional anti-biotic.	I was told to take it so I did. the more I took the more miserable I got, until I called my doctor and said, I can not take this.  I dont know if I am alergic or what but I cant and I wont take any more of it.  it still took almost two days for the side effects to go away.
	Lowered his blood pressure with one pill to the point of passing out, and having severe cramping.	Post emergency, the doctors felt that the reaction had to be caused by something else other than the Norvasc. They tested for urethral artery narrowing, kidney malfunction, etc. with all tests coming out normal. It was finally determined that the patients reaction to this medication was unusual, and the medication should not be repeated.
	None	It was given to me in the hospital in the form of an injection and they had to administer benadryl to counteract
	The medicine did help with the pain.	I was prescribed this medication for tmj pain/arthritis.  It helped more than aleve.  The main problem this medication caused me was severe stomach issues.  I was told that the stomach issues may subside after using for a few weeks, but it did not.  I then tried taking 1/2 in the am and 1/2 in the pm to see if that would help, but sadly it didn't.  My husband takes this medication also, and it works beautifully for him.  He has no problems with it at all and it really helps his arthritis.
	reduction of asthma symptoms and severity, less shortness of breath and light headedness	Twice daily, one puff, every day.
	Synthroid aggravated my hives, tremendously.	Atarax was prescribed for my hives, and the second day, I started having a bad reaction!
	infection cleared up in a week	4 times a day for 14 days the pain
	The treatment benefits were very minimal because of the severe rage that I experienced. I don't think I benefited at all from taking this drug.	This medication is manufactured by Forest Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of Forest Laboratories, Inc. in St. Louis Missouri 63045. I was given the prescription of taking 10 mg. once a day. I cannot even imagine what would have happened to me if I had taken the full dosage recommended of 20 mg. I would have probably hurt someone badly. I have always suffered from clinical depression and have taken many different medications. Right now, Paxil is helping me with my depression a little. I think that I need to have it "upped" because the usual dosage isn't as effective as it once was. Anyway, my psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro for me because he really believed that this new drug would be just perfect for me. I had no idea that it would cause such turmoil in my life. I was in a constant state of nervousness and my panic attacks had started to get much worse. I just thought that my daily routine was the cause for my anxiety but realized when I had the desire to shove my shopping cart into a little boy who walked in front of me in the store, as I stated before in this report, that I had to quit taking Lexapro. Sometimes, I would sit on my sofa at night and want so badly to just scream at the top of my lungs. My therapist just told me to take a pillow, put it over my face, and scream at the top of my lungs. I was afraid that my neighbors would call the police if they heard me. That was no way to live. This medication was so toxic to me that if I had not realized what it was doing to me, I might have even taken my own life. Because of my great faith in God, I didn't kill myself and finally realized that I had to call my doctor immediately the next morning to report what Lexapro was doing to me. I also have a friend who is taking Lexapro and has taken it for sometime. She also shows signs of rage at times. Just a minor infringement on her and she will go into a state of rage (but not as bad as I did). I have tried to tell her that she needs to get off Lexapro but she just thinks that OTHER people are intimidating her. One day, when she rams her car into someone elses because they pulled in front of her, she will finally realize that Lexapro is not the drug for HER either. I really do think that Lexapro should be taken off the market until further testing is done. I would NEVER recommend this drug to anyone. It is just too unstable.
	Absolutely none. This drug destroyed my marriage. I was so irrationally angry over really stupid stuff. I was raging at my husband for no reason. And it made our marriage crazy to the point that we separated and divorced. I have been told this drug does cause anger in perfectly normal people and that it is like being on speed or cocaine. I would pull this drug from the market.	"Once a day. I was drooling as I slept. When I could sleep. I was edgy all the time. I was in a brain fog. And nobody knew that I wasn't crazy. This damn drug was making me crazy. I told my stupid shrink that I needed to be calmer and he gave me speed. I told him I was getting irrationally upset and he doubled the dose. I have been seriously depressed and screwed up emotionally and physically for three years.  I want to sue the drug company.



All the other comments on this blog were written by drug reps."
	The bacterial infection in the prostate was quickly controlled, immediately .	The Norfloxacin treatment was given whilst I was an in-patient at hospital, and continued after returning home
	the drug treatments stopped the headaches.	after the shunt replacement, the patient was fine.  the operation for the replacement took place at noon, and at about five o,clock in the morning the next day,  he died.  his skin was mottled, and he had an emesis in his mouth.  about half an hour  before, the nurse caring for him reported he was fine and sleeping. about four hours after the operation he was fine, watching television and joking with visitors which included his father.  a code for resusitation was called, and after about 30 minutes the code team ceased operations.
	Prevented pregnancy, i did not experience any benifits whatsoever	Was put on low doasage, doctor advised to prescribe additional hormones to balance out levels. I opted out of taking it anymore.
	The drug cleared my skin and even reduced some of the redness and scarring from the acne.  This was my first and last treatment.	treatment began with two 40mg tablets twice a day, but was reduced to once a day after the first month due to extremely dry skin.  When sexual side effects began in month 2, my dermatologist suggested using a personal lubricant during sex (which was never needed before treatment began) and that the problem would clear up once I was finished with the treatment. I began the treatment in Febuary 2007 and finished September 2007.  The problem with dry skin cleared up rapidly, but I continue to struggle with the sexual side effects (as of June 2008).  I have been treating the vaginal dryness with an over the counter product called Replens since January 2008 and this has helped considerably, but it causes constant vaginal discharge. I am now able to have sex about once ever 2-4 weeks, but have yet to experience a vaginal orgasm.
	There were absolutely NO treatment benefits. I felt worse while on this drug than before I started taking it.	I was supposed to start at this dose and then go up to a higher dose after a few weeks. I completely took myself off of this drug since it was not helping me and there was no way I was going to increase my dosage. My doctor never even followed up with me after prescribing this medication...tsk, tsk!!
	Did not take it long enough to evaluate the benefits.	To take 20 mgs a day every day.My total cholesterol is 252, LDL 153, HDL 75
	stopped hot flashes	My grand mom was prescribed Premarin after her uterus was removed at age 34.  She was a smoker with high blood pressure.  Her doctor was aware of her smoking and blood pressure.   At one point in her hrt therapy she was injecting Premarin per doctors orders.  Now at age 76, grand mom continues to take Premarin because she was told by her doctor that it is the fountain of youth. She is very vain and does not care if this drug kills her as long as she looks young.  She looks and acts older than her actual age.  The risk do not out weigh the benefit.  HRT should only be used to ease a woman into menopause.  Grand mom still has hot flashes after 40 years of HRT.  Had she not taken HRT she would be through menopause and never have suffered the stroke or cancers which took several years of her life away.
	none: loss of bone density	Actonel :  1 pill per week 30 minutes at least before any food / drink intake. Need to stay upright at least 30 minutes.
	"I took my puppy to the vet. The puppy was having diarrhea and vomiting. The vet gave him metoclopramide (perinorm) for vomiting and Metronidazole for diarrhea. 

Within 2 days the puppy died. He was so weak after metronidazole that he could not move . He was quiet ok before I took him to vet."	He was given Metronidazole, Metoclopramide for his nausea and vomiting. I would say the metronidazole may be useful for some but it caused death of my puppy. I am a healthcare professional and I know what metronidazole does.
	I've not got any benefits. I've just spoiled my skin and pigment spots look now dark brown and they are very obvious.	Hi! I am a russian (european race) who has migrated from Sweden to the USA. I have developed melasma (dark spots) under my eyes and on my forehead. I visited a dermatologist in the USA, FL about 1 month ago. He prescribed me Tri Luma that contains 4% of Hudroquinone. Have you ever read about Hydroquinone?- I asked him. As I investigated it I found the information that hydroquinone has been banned in many european countries including France, Sweden and Russia etc, for concerns about increased cancer risk.The FDA admitted that the risk of using the drug is not known and more testing needs to be done.In fact, the FDA also warned that hydroquinone has been linked to a condition that disfigures the skin. Anyway,I tried the cream, a sample that the doctor gave to me. He prescribed to use it twice a week - Mondays and Fridays. It was terrible!!! I used it just once a week on my pigment spots because my skin got red, burning and after 1 week it was peeling. Some doctors prescribe to use it once, twice a day!!! I put it on only once a week. Ok, after 1 month, 4 treatments I have the result: my pigment spots have not been improved at all. Moreover, the skin is burnt and now I have very obvious dark red-brown spots. I really look terrible. I can't put on any sunscreen because the skin is damaged by Tri Luma. I am so happy that I didn't buy the full size cream which costs $200 and the insurance doesn't cover it. I don't want to buy cancer for $200. Thanks. I've also contacted russian and swedish doctors. They've forbade to use it strongly!!! They've suggested to use natural products such as juice of lemon, parcley, put camomile teabags on dark spots, oatmeal etc... and of course, avoid the Sun. Please be aware, read more information online.
	none	one every morning increase to two after 7 days   Took one and almost died
	Eradicated the infection.	Received IV in hospital x5 days for a very severe abscessed tooth leading to bone infection; developed hives with first dose, so they gave me benadryl every 6 hours. After being discharged, I took the oral Cleocin for about 5-6 weeks, along with benadryl. I developed severe itching (mostly in the legs and back, some in the neck area) and severe bruising as a result of trying to relieve the itch. The itching, hives and bruising dissipated about 2-4 weeks after final dose.
	acid reflux was reduced	I had to get off completely.
	Hypothyroidism was already causing me to gain weight, this garbage accelerated the weight gain.  I eat one fish fillet or chicken breast/day, nothing else, now gaining 3-6 lbs./month!  Since I can't find a Dr. who will treat my T3 I'm ordering Cytomel online, from what I've read it's the ticket to eliminate hypo symptoms.  Shame on physicians who treat lab results rather than the patient.  I don't care what the numbers are, I still feel awful!	Doesn't work!  It's the T3!
	There were no benefits as he had to stop taking it	Patient was to take 800 mg twice daily to treat ulcerative colitis but was found to be intolerant to Asacol and was discontinued. The side effects began about 7-10 days after starting the Asacol. The nausea and vomiting was not immediately associated with Asacol but was attributed to possibly having the flu.  It was only until his urine became a brownish purple color that we thought it must be the Asacol and immediately stopped it.  Symptoms went away when stopped.
	i had very less cravings, still at this poilnt still want to smoke evry now and again, but its early yet.	im only starting, and really want to give this more of a try, i am going to call the doctor tomorrow about maybe lowering my dose. I'm only 28 and 110lbs, maybe its to strong for me. but i want to kick this habit and I still have faith.
	I believe the treatment at the lower 10 mg dose was effective in reducing the serverity of my brain lesions. I also believe I was thinking more clearly afterwards than I was prior to starting on lovastatin. A brain MRI taken a year after starting on Lovastatin indicated the lesions had reduced a bit, but that was not confirmed by my doctor as my previous MRI had been lost when I changed doctors.	Originally I started taking it to see if it would have any positive effect on the number and size of brain lesions I had. I had experienced an increasing inability to handle job stress, was losing my concentration abilities and was becoming increasingly forgetful. I believe it did have some positive effect in reducing the size and number of brain lesions, but not to the effect of improving my cognitive thinking ability to the extent I could return to work. Two years later, my doctor wanted me to increase the dosage to reduce my cholesterol levels.  Shortly after increasing my dosage, I started to experience chronic pain in my arms.  I finally did some research and discovered muscle pain to be a "side effect" when taking statin drugs.  When I stopped taking Lovastatin, the pain went away after a few months.
	As a caregiver, I did not see any benefits, the patient continued to have problems with insomnia	The patient was referred to the psychiatrist by his cardiologist secondary to depression and increasing insomnia.  The patient had been on welbutrin for years for depression and smoking cessation.  The psychiatrist kept the patient on welbutrin and added xanax for anxiety and seroquel for sleep at bedtime.  Slowly the family started noticing strange behavior, delusions, and almost dementia type characteristics in the patient that occured over a 4 month period and began to get more severe.  The family attempted to talk about the changes with the patient but as true delusional behavior dictates, the patient was unable to see any of the changes.  The forgetfulness, clumsiness, and personality changes such as irritability increased.  The family attempted to contact the psychiatrist but in interim, the patient died of a cardiac arrest.  Even after talking to the psychiatrist after the patient's death, the psychiatrist denied that seroquel had any affect on the situation.  The family and myself as the primary caretaker believe that seroquel was directly responsible for the patient's death.  We do not plan to seek legal retribution but hope that anyone that reads this will be more cautious about prescribing seroquel in someone that already has cardiac problems and to please be careful about it's possible interactions with other medications!
	"There were no known benefits. I truly believed that the doctor that prescribed me this stupid medication should rot in hell. There are too many side effects, especially long term ones. 



The worst part is, they did not even tell me how and why their diagnosis was accurate. they just prescribe drugs left and right as if they had no conscience or they are evil people just out for the money."	I was put on 3.5 mg of this damned drug.
	cleared my UI i didnt even know i had one..	please dont ever take this medication im horrified by how it made me feel in such a short amout of time
	Prevented pregnancy & acne	I was actually rushed to the hospital last night because the cramps were so severe. All day i felt a little pain now and then, however towards the end of the day it got unbearable. I was sitting in the air conditioning and i started to feel really hot out of nowhere, had difficulty breathing, nausea, and felt like i was literally about to faint. I'm going to try to get off this pill and try something else as soon as i can!
	The Femring is great because you insert it and don't have to worry about remembering to take a pill or pills every day. This allows you freedom for the next three months, (90) days until your reorder a new ring.  Also my insurance pays a good portion of the cost of the ring, whereas it did not cover the cost of bio-identical horomone treatments.	A lower dose Femring was prescribed, 0.05mg/day, which does a good job of returning my horomones levels to close to normal.
	This medication did not make me sedated or cause constipation like the last one I tried and I had no trouble getting to sleep at night.	I started taking one 10mg tablet of Fluoxetine in the morning for three days and then changed to one 20mg tablet in the morning
	Possible slight improvements in texture.	Took once daily until side effects became unbearable.
	The ointment is easy to apply once the user realizes that the ointment is very thick, although Protopic on the face is ineffective or must be prescribed only for those conditions it has proven to resolve. In my case,  The rash continues to spread across the face.	Thin layer twice a day to be used as needed.I also made a deliberate effort to use the Protopic as directed appying it twice a day as directed.
	No treatment benefit, because the complete prescription was not used because of adverse side effects.	Supposed to take 1 tablet every 12 hours, if I remember correctly - did not take more than one dose because of horrid side effects.
	None	Doctor inserted the NuvaRing during the office visit. No literature was provided so was not given the easy opportunity to read about side effects. There was no discussion with the doctor about side effects.
	My melasma improved considerably, which speaks to the efficacy of the treament because I only used it for 7 days.	I basically bought Tri Luma to treat a cosmetic issue. It helped relieve the problem a bit, but it created additionaly cosmetic problems. I am more embarrassed by the redness at my mouth than I am by the discoloration...actually, I don't know which is worse. I do not know if I would recommend the product to those with normal skin, but I would definitely not recommend it to those with sensitive skin.
	Stopped 90% of symptoms	Didn't realize these feelings were actually side effects from my allergy medicine until I ran out of the zyrtec, and aside from the severe itching all over my body for about a week, I felt so much better. A little runny nose, but no allergy medicine is worth feeling as bad as I did for the last 5 years on zyrtec. My 7 yr old son was affected the same way
	I have not gotten any benifit from this medecine, only side effects , I am still suffering of my leg pain, it turned that the doctor has given this medecine when not needed, I suffer from hernia and not tendonitis	the doctor described a dose of 8 every day for a week, 6 for a week , 4 for a week , 2 for a week I was suppose to take them because I suffered from tendonitis , it turned to be a wrong diagnostic as the problem came from my back
	I only started this medication to still treat my Anxiety and mild depression, but eliminate the desire not to want sex.	My OBGYN switched me from Prozac to Wellbutrin in efforts to help with the sexual side affects.   Well, it did absolulte nothing to help in that area and instead made me more depressed, irritable, had severe rages, crying all the time, no desire to get out of bed, hot flashes and my blood pressure spiked tremendously.   I went back to my PCP and I'm back to Zoloft which I had taken in the past and although I'm still having w/d's from the Wellbutrin, I'm felling 80% better in it's only been 3 days.   I tossed all the remaining pills out.    This drug clearly didn't work for my body.   What a horrible experience to go through.    I will in the future only get these types of meds from my PCP and not my OBGYN.
	I didn't feel that there were any benefits. I initially started taking Wellbutrin because it was tauted as having little to no sexual side effects. I really was highly disappointed in the overall experience of this drug. I immediately switched back to Effexor.	I am not certain what I should describe here. The treatment details were that I was prescribed a medication after having asked for it due to its advertised benefits and I never have been so disappointed in a medicine until this one. I am not certain if other people have had similar experiences or not, but it wasn't pleasant.
	urinary tract infection subsided	took prescription as directed but by day three could not continue
	Reduction of acid.	Very difficult to get off of this drug.  Took apple cidar vinegar.
	No benefits.	The severe headache that was caused by the Claritin triggered my trigeminal neuralgia (facial pain)...I wish to GOD I had never heard of this medication...too expensive, didn't work AND caused me severe pain...would like to blow up the factory!!!! Like hmm...can I pay to have some pain? geee..thanks....Stick to Benadryl...I'd rather be sleepy....
	None	I was supposed to take for 5 days.
	none	effexor was for the depressioin part of a treatment plan to maintain stability in bipolar
	Never got pregnant	I used five rings daily, before every intimate encounter.  Ouch!
	none	Treated with Cipro for prophalaxis prostate.
	"60ml of Prednisone saved my cornea transplant.

Saved me from having to have another surgery on an already tramatized eye."	"60 ml of prednisone for 3 weeks to a month

saved the transplant."
	None	Given 1mg Propecia for ~one week in 10/05, noticed instant compromise of sexual capacity and an increase in anxiety & confusion. Stopped because of this experience, however did not completely regain libido, sexual function or mental sharpness as promised. Tried treatment again two years later thinking my experience was normal and would subside with continued use (as indicated in drug info), until the same exact thing happened. I researched the symptoms and learned I was not alone thanks to propeciahelp.com, I stopped once again and have strived to reverse the damages since to no avail.
	This was recommended to me instead of Gaviscon.  Supposedly it was a better solution for my indigestion.  Instead it was a disaster.	"Take one per day.



I have stopped taking them.  Don't forget I already take Dulcolax for my constipation, had I known these recommended tablets had a side effect of constipation I would have refused them.



It is back to the Gaviscon for me, it is gentle, pleasant to take and liquid.

Shell-like Capsules and me do not get along."
	i had clear clear skin. my skin was so acne free it looked like a photo shop picture. but that is the only positive to this birth control	i recommend using this birth control with caution although everyones body responds differently to all medications. if you begin to notice negative emotions (even slightly) i recommend you stop using it IMMEDIATELY--because it only gets worse. since i have stopped taking it (4-5 months ago) i have slowly regained the things i had lost..including my boyfriend. just be careful
	I lost 40lbs the first time I took it in only 2 months and kept it off for 1 year. I gained 20lbs back after that. I'm taking it again now and loose back down to my normal weight, stop taking it and gain all the weight back plus some. I've done this three times now even with an extensive workout routine and very healthy eating habits.	Very satisfied with the results while taking the pill, considerable weightloss. I've found it difficult to keep the weight off though.
	none	don't take it.
	they helped to reduce headaches that I had been sufferein over a period of over 2 years	I took 1 x 25mg per day which built up to 4 x 25mg per day over 4 weeks
	To start with a numbness to the pain then my life was turned upside down.	After having gallbladder removed a nerve was cut during surgery. That created the most intense pain. I trusted the medical specialists and was in so much pain I would have done anything to make it stop. They started me on 300mg gabapentin slowly increased every 2nd day until I was taking 10,000 mg per day. yes you read it correct 10,000mg. The legal dose in NZ 3,600mg. After a serious of events and specialists adding more pain meds from codeine morphine antidepressants etc things got worse. I have been trying to decrease theses meds for two years and don't feel like I have achieved much some days. to date I take 3x 300mg 4 times a day 3,600mg (done this alone).  I have been to doctors ans specialists about side effects and feel they just dismiss them yet they come under criteria of serious side effects. I'm now the too hard basket. No help or support here with DPH or any medical facility. I have my children and Friends that help as much as they can. I desperation to come off this crap I started smoking marijuana that was more beneficial to help keep decreasing and control intense pain until recently convicted for growing my own medicine. In my opinion Gabapentin is such a dangerous drug and will be the undoing of many people. Here in NZ its all care no responsibility
	I was excited to have only 4 periods per year, but I never got that far, as I quit taking it after six days because of severe depression, crankiness, fatigue, uncontrollable hunger  water retention and weight gain.	I wouldn't take this pill if you are susecptible to depression or anxiety, or if you are a fitness-minded person and care how you feel in your clothes.  Very expensive as well. My health insurance doesn't cover scripts, and even with a $50 coupon from my OB/GYN, I still paid $160!
	Did not get pregnant, regular periods.	Insert for 3 weeks, remove for 1 week.
	More mellow mood. Just taking Wellbutrin alone wasn't enough. I am a mild bipolar and needed something to balance out my moods. I have both depression and anxiety. And do not sleep well. That's why I was on Ambien, too.	Fully removed from lamotrigine, as well as Wellbutrin and Ambien. Now I am on Seroquel. At least, I will be on it as soon as I am fully removed from the steroid treatment. I will never, ever take lamotrigine again. Today, nearly all of my steroid prescription is gone, and the rash has reappears. It itches like bloody murder!
	none	Benadril, allegra and other intravenious medication I am not sure of.
	none noted- moderate pain relief of arthritis	This drug should not have been given to this patient. It killed him. He never recovered from this stroke- Right side paralysis and unable to eat or drink/swallow ever again
	very upset	"after noticing eyes twitching went back to peditrican said it was something else called pandas associated with strep throat but sympthoms got worse going to hospital because of having seizure like episodes took off medicine we

nt away for 2 years but are still suffering from effects of seizure like episodes but neurologist exams say not seizures but dont know what they are i still believe it was the drug all started with the overdose                    brenda n son"
	none	i started at a very low dose, to be worked up gradually. treatment ended before this could happen.
	Breathing became easier.	On using second issue of Symbicort death occured.
	It was suspose to help ease my depression issues that happend when the biploar side of me was not in hyper. It was a new drug it was suspose to be very effeect. Not cause any weight gain. With very little side effects.	I was to take one 10mg pill at night before I go to bed every night. It did not matter if it was taken with food or with out food. Either way was fine. I had to take it at the same time every night. I was not suspose ot stop treatment unless my doctor said it was ok.
	Reduction of hot flashes and night sweats.	Patient began to experience menopausal symptoms in early 40s.  Prempro was prescribed by physician to treat hot flashes, sleep disturbances, and signs of early vaginal atrophy.  When heavy vaginal bleeding continued to be problematic, hgher doses of progestins were tried.  The result was increasing severity of the sleep disturbances although the vaginal bleeding subsided.  After the patient developed FMS, Prempro was discontinued by another physician and the patient placed on bioidentical hormones.  Breast tenderness subsided and sleep patterns improved.  Patient later developed bladder cancer, although no familial or behavioral risk factors were present.
	I didn't feel the urge as much as I did before the medication, but they were still there.	I built up the dosage like I was supposed to and took the twice daily dose for two days.  I spent both of those days unable to move because of the nausea, so my doctor recommended I drop down to .5 mg a day. On that small dosage I became very depressed and began having suicidal thoughts as well as very vivid dreams.  I went off the drug and then tried it again a few months later only to have the same depression issues. I'd rather keep smoking and try to find a new way to quit than to lose my life on this drug.
	Hair Regrowth	1 pill per day
	there were no benefits. This drug had more bad side effects than good ones.  I will never try this again. there were no benefits. This drug had more bad side effects than good ones.  I will never try this again.	not sure.  there were no benefits. This drug had more bad side effects than good ones.  I will never try this again. there were no benefits.extreme weight gain and emotional distress.
	"My father was put on this drug to fend off temporary, situational anxiety when his wife developed alzheimer's and was not looking after the finances properly.  It helped him to sleep better.  In the meantime, our family helped them sort out the financial mess his wife had created in her confusion.  



His anxiety ended but the doctor forgot to take him off the drug at the end of the 4 month period of effectiveness."	"Due to a recent mix up at the pharmacy, my father was accidentally withdrawn from the drug and suffered a terrible withdrawal.  After 10 days without oxazepam, his memory improved but the doctor put him right back on it.  I have since tried to get the doc to take him off.  His answer?  What's the point at his age.  Why not just let him drift away in a foggy twilight.  



I love my dad and think he deserves better so I'm fighting this situation, but meanwhile my father wakes up each day wondering why he is on an advanced alzheimer's ward when he has no symptoms beyond drug induced short term memory loss."
	NONE!!!	Slowly declined dosage and am NOW EFFEXOR XR FREE!!!!!!!
	The Premarin did reduce the frequency and severity of hot flashes and night sweats.  From that perspective, the drug was somewhat effective.  However, the side effects were devastating and worse than dealing with the menopausal symptoms.  It took me two years to discern that the problems I encountered were attributable directly to the Premarin.	The doctor put me on the maximum dosage because I was "young" for menopause.  Did not test estrogen levels either before beginning treatment or after starting the HRT.  I simply took one Premarin pill per day, every day.
	there were no benefits. i had severe side effects. . the medication helped the headaches for a short amount of time but the side effects outweighed the benefits. i call it the stupid medicine because i literally turned stupid after using it.	i was to take one pill daily for the maintence of migraine headaches. i never could progress to the higher does to see if it helped b/c the side effects on the low dose was terrible
	lessening of fungus	I was to take 400 mg daily, but could not handle that. After letting the drug dissipate out of my system, I resumed it at very low doses (25-125 mg daily) plus herbal and homeopathic remedies. This finally, after several months, got rid of the fungus.
	On the fist day I experienced symptoms such as shortness of breath but the drug seemed to take affect the next day. When I took the drug on the second day I expereinced an increased heartrate and other symptoms such as the ones I listed above.	2 pills taken daily. Thank God I did not or I would be in the hospital.
	i cant list very many benefits because my expierience was so bad that i would rather have been dead than have been forced to have taken this pill every day for 3 to 4 years	it sucked. sure i didnt have ADHD but i also felt as though i lost my soul in the proccess. i became so depressed i actually began to feel like a shell
	It did lower my blood presure, but the 25mg dose that I was taking was too strong for me.	25mg once a day, then 12.5, and now 6.5 until im off. I'm hoping that I can start a natural approach to lowering my BP, because this medicine has made cmy health worse
	none - ended up in emergency room	Went to urgent care while on vacation for upper respiratory infection.  Was given Ceclor even though I am allergic to penicillin, but I was unfamiliar with drug and away from my regular pharmacist.  Don't know if I felt better (cold/cough - wise) becasue my drug reaction was so severe I was in bed for days.
	Slight alleviation of PHN pain.	Standard treatment, 1st day 1 pill, 2nd day two, 3rd and thereon 3. The side efects started with the first pill and just steadily got worse to the point of suicidal thoughts. Even after being off the drug, the irritability and negative attitude have lingered, hopefully not permanently.
	stopped the heartburn	I think the drug should be removed from the market, accept for severe cases of GERD , and, patients should only be on them for a couple weeks..otherwise, they should be told they will be on them the rest of their lives--they should never be allowed OTC...why do you think Prilosec has that new commercial out, "let your doctor do his job"? Because everyone is complaining that they cannot get off of it now...
	Able to curb appetite; lose weight effectively for the 1st two week; feeling energetic at the initial stage	As prescribe, i was to take one every morning before food.
	Initially did help with sleep. Over time tolerance developed and depression and grogginess ensued.	Withdrawal had to be done very slowly over several months. I would NEVER use benzodiazepines ever again. They are for single use only. Have since learned that even after a few days use there can be rebound effects. These drugs are dangerous. Period.
	The leg clot would not extend nor would other clots form, potentially causing death.	Treatment included 2months of heparin injections in abdomen.  Coumadin was given daily after the injections were stopped, at 6mg. The discontinuation of this medication caused an extension of the clot and re-admittance to hospital and another drug for blood thinning was given.   Eventually, 6 months later, a doctor prescribed a compression stocking, which helped dramatically with swelling and pain.  The Syntron blood thinner had no noticeable side-effects.  Except possibly a still reduced libido.
	none	Horrible. People thought I made it all up. They denied this medication could make anyone sick so they continuously put me on more.
	None.  It didn't help me sleep.  I was cranky the next day, depressed, and tired.	My doctor gave me some samples for insomnia.
	none whatsoever as i was only on it for 6 months . I had no nhealth problems prior to taking this drug to help my bone density, it nonly created havoc with my previous good health.	one pill once a week
	In the beginning my seizures seemed to decrease, however at the time I was also on Depakote and Diamox as well as valium for right temporal lobe epilepsy; my doctor added keppra before he started weaning me off the depakote and diamox. I was feeling a lot better on all those meds. Then just the Keppra.	I started on Keppra in Feb. '09, at first I thought it was the miracle drug. Boy was I wrong! At the time I was also on Depakote, Diamox and valium. First the Doctor added Keppra and began weaning me off the Depakote ER 500mg pm. 250mg. am. It took awhile to get off Depakote because I kept having effects from being weaned off it after being on it for 25 years. Then a few months later he started to wean me off of diamox, which I stopped a week ago, after a long process of being weaned off that drug. Now on Keppra alone with valium, I feel horrible and no heip from my Neurologist. I feel completely alone and with no help in sight!
	It did help to control bladder infections.	After suffering numerous bladder infections, it was determined that I needed longterm antibiotic treatment to get the problem under control. Six months of Keflex. Because this was 25 years ago I am not sure of the dosage.
	small improvement in chloresteral level	Stopped taking zocor after side effects became unmanageable
	Decreased the number of acne lesions.	"I have been taking minocycline 100mg twice a day. At first I had no side effects what so ever. However after a week I started heaving headaches and they gradually got worse. It was when I started having neck pains, I stopped using Minocycline. Although I stopped using it, I never thought the pains were due to it - I thought it was from going out right after the shower which I often do. That same night I woke up with hives appearing in my body and towards the end of the day, my face got swollen (eyes and my inner lip.) At first I thought it was a food allergy, went to the doctor and got a full blood test (White blood cells, red cells, cholesterol, sugar, full allergy, almost everything.)



During the waiting period of my results (took about a week and a half) I was taking steroid pills for allergies and I got back to normal within 5 days. On the 8th day, I was like hmm lets take minocycline again, I wanna be proactive and not break out on acne again. I took one pill at night after 8 days of not using it, and the next day I got itchy hands and a few hives and then I realized it was the minocycline that I was reacting to. Luckily I only took one pill and over the counter allergy medicine such as zyrtec got rid off my itchiness and I am back to normal again.







So around 8-9 days later after I gave blood, the results came to my doctor. To my surprise everything came normal no allergies what so ever, no pollen, no nuts, no nuts, no dust completely NO ALLERGIES. My Red Blood cell count along with hematocrit came a little high but nothing else.



I am almost confident to say that minocycline was what I was reacting to and my doctor told me to stop taking it."
	To treat add.  To releave sudden impulsive behavor.  To help me focus on things that I had to do.  To help me retain information that I was studing in school.  To help me stop putting things off that were important for me to finish.  To help improve my relationships.	I woke up every morning a took 1 20mg tab with a full glass of water.  Then, throughout the day I would have to make myself drink water and eat.  I had lost all desire to eat or drink until around 8 or 9pm that day.  I would have obsessive thoughts and couldn't stop working on something until it was finished.  This meant even if I really needed to stop and do something else I couldn't.  I called my doctor and explained this and he switched me to adderall 10mg without extended release.  This has been much better.  However, I still have some obsessive behavor.  I have never been dx or tx for OCD.
	None.  My LDL level did not drop.	Cholesterol levels are high with genetic factors.  LDL  170, HDL 80, total 276.  The cardiologist used Vytorin as first and only treatment.  My diet contained <20% fat intake, almost no saturated fat.  I had pain in my legs within weeks, informed the doctor who checked my ck levels.  Lab showed "within normal range" and I was told to resume the vytorin.  Within 3 weeks the pain was unmanagable, so I called the doctor again.  The nurse said I had to put up with a little discomfort but I insisted on another lab.  Lab resulted in ck levels of 480, I was told to stop the vytorin and drink a lot of water.  I changed cardiologist at that time.
	releved pain for 1 hour but then has no more effect and caused pain not reileif possibly ebcause of `the fast i had high blood pr1essure but did not read it has high sodium, (low sodium diet for over 3 years)	????
	none	Not sure of any details, since it was during surgery and I was not awake.
	There were no benefits that I could perceive.  The hairloss continued but worst of all the side-effects from this drug are severe and permanent.  This is very disturbing!	This drug should NOT be on the market!
	NONE	"within 48 hr I experience extreme abdominal pain. I developed C.Difficile and was in agony.

It wiped out all the good bacteria in my system and I also developed drug induced pneumonia.

Subsequently I was given other antibiotics to combat the pneumonia and I became so dilirious that I almost died.



ps Also, I am allergic to PCN.--anaphylactic shock."
	There were no benefits to this treatment.	Take 2 pills every 4 to 6 hrs. for pain.  Not to exceed 8 pills
	None.  This product as all prescription and nonprecriptions products that are available in the USA have offered no relief whatsoever from the flushing of Rosacea and extremely sensitive skin.	My dermatologist doctor has yet to find something to help me.  I have also had laser treatments that are suppose to calm the skin but to no avail.  There is a new medication out that is like doxycycline but is suppose to help the redness of Rosacea.  I can't remember the name of it.  But I tried that also and was on it for two months.  With no improvement, the doctor stopped me taking it.
	I didn't feel my joint pain after taking this, I think because I was too bothered by the side effects.	I would much ranther have the joint pain, then go through this stomach pain ever again.  I've stopped using this and would not recommend it to anyone.
	Reduced swelling and pain after about two days.  Then on the third day, started to get stomach cramps that settled into lower right abdomen.  Initial injection on Monday night, cramps by Thursday noon, emergency room Thursday night, appendix removed Saturday morning.	50mg pen injection.  Of course did not continue with Enbrel treatment.
	to eliminate sores on stump and siezures	I put some of Mary Kay night solution on my stump on it and low and behold it was almost cleared up over night. Would love to tell you more about it. Reach me at my e-mail address: coleensundberg@gmail.com or my home phone 218-346-6987. My daughter started selling Mary Kay, Thank you sincerely, Coleen Sundberg, Perham, MN 56573
	the bacterial infection was treated effectively.	i was treated for a UTI with ciprofloxacin first; i took the medicine as prescribed exactly. within two days i started having symptoms described above. the doctor told me to switch to tequin, an analogue. the same effects occurred, only more severely this  time. i had to stop the medication after a few days, or it felt like i would have to go to the emergency room. i felt like i was dying. the week that i was on these drugs was enough to cure the UTI however. i recovered from the symptoms after about 5 days after stopping the meds.
	It did get rid of my headache.	none
	Became addictive .. Docs never told anything that it should only be used very short term, less then two weeks!  The then become addictive. Not only that, the told me nothing of side affects, nor tolerance withdrawals, nor, you need to withdraw slowly.  These are very dangerous drugs, you my think it helps, but you will pay he'll being on any  benzodizapines.  If you don,t believe this, go towww.benzo.org read dr (prof) ashton,s Manuel.   You will suffer the depth of he'll if you don,t get off these.  .	No comment.
	I had no treatment benefits. Did not stop the sweating, but I started bleeding vaginally quite heavy. I hadn't had a period in 6 years. Then this happened. I also had some mild cramping like you get when your period is going to start. Bright red blood, some clotting as well. Went off of of prempro after 33 days. I am still bleeding but I have been told that this will stop now that I have stopped prempro........also I suggest you look online and get informed about the severe side effects........my doctor in the end stated that she would never take them........would have been nice if she told me this before I did and when she prescribed them for me.	treated for heavy hot flashes and night sweats
	I didn't see any benefits, what else can I say? I had to take this to counteract the side effects of clindamycin.	3 pills a day for two weeks, symptoms came back, took it 4 more days and then, knowing what would be in store for me if I took it; I found that I could not force myself to take even one more pill.
	seizures dissipated	Began with Keppra 1000mg..wasn't enough to control seizure activity - increased to 1500 mg per day and was non-functional. Reduced to 1000 mg per day and sought alternative methods..research by Harvard showed magnesium deficit in those with seizure disorders..began magnesium injections and increased essential fatty acids..through proper nutrition, supplementation and accupuncture, no more seizure medication and seizure free...do want to note that seizures began during the spraying of the neurotoxin anvil for the West Nile virus.
	At first I started with the 65 mg dose for about a month and it really helped my skin. All acne was reduced. I think during this first month though is when I started to build up reactors and an allergy to this medication.	I am going to see the doctors again today because there is no improvement whatsoever.
	none!!!!	stated off with 5mg & gradually increased
	improved some symptoms: cold intolerance; carbs cravings; gives energy for a short periods of time (2-3 weeks) after increasing the dose;	I was taking 50 mcg of generic Synthroid at the mornings 30-40 minutes before breakfast. The dose was increased gradually every 2 month as my thyroid was drastically decreasing its activity and symptoms reoccured. The doses of 100 mcg and later 112 mcg were taken sublingually twice a day 30-40 minutes before breakfast and lunch. Contraceptives MIN-OVRAL and supplements of Ca, Mg and iron were taken at the evening to avoid the interractions.
	the treatment was to help lower my colesterol levels, i only took it for two weeks so i did not benefit from taken this treatment,	1 to be taken daily, i only took this medication for two weeks after which i stopped taking it, the side effects that i had been suffering then stopped.
	By taking Yasmin I did not get pregnant, as it did act as a proper birth control method.  However the side effects outweighed the benefits and I was forced to switch to a new form of birth control. I would NEVER recommend this type of birth control.	1 pill daily for 21 days and then a week break.
	None	Took one 40 mg pill at 8:45 in the morning.  By 9:30 am I could not breathe and 911 was called.  I lost consciousness before I was placed in the ambulance.  I awoke in the ER and was told that I NEVER should have been prescribed this medication.
	it lowered my b/p	The effects of this drug in my oppinion almost killed me I no longer take it and doing good.
	The drug stabilized my rapid cycling.  It facilitated my reducing alcohol consumption to decrease my hypomanic symptoms.	"QD A.M.: 150 mg Wellbutrin

QD A.M.: 100 mg Lamictal"
	The medicine did not work on her head  ache--she had it all day long.	She took one pill at the Doctors office and she took one home to take.  She died some time that night.  I think it was too much medication and combination of different medicines.  I miss her so much. July 17, 2009
	I had no benefits from this medication, if anything it added more problems for me. It never once relieved my pain in my ankle. Darvacet helped my ankle more then this medication. Even though I was switching because Darvacet was losing its effectiveness it would have been tons better to stay on Darvacet for all the bad Tramadol did for me.	I had an ankle accident at a job. I had this injury for a long time.There isn't much that can be done for it. So I will be on pain medication for the rest of my life. I had taken Darvacet for about 6 years before it lost its effectiveness. Tramadol was only the second pain medication I had ever tried. My doctor thought it would help me. I had never heard about it before. I never once thought I would have such a bad reaction to it. After taking almost 8 Darvacet a day I was ready to try anything else. I just wish for people to be very careful with Tramadol I don't want anyone else going through what I did.
	Lowered blood pressure too much.	93 year old woman with high blood pressure was experiencing skin problems.  No other health issues.  When switched to Norvasc, problems with skin increased dramatically and rapidly.
	none	Took when then on set of a migraine was felt.
	Non that were apparent.	Started at 100 mg/day, upward to 300 mg as tolerated.
	lowered cholesterol	The doctor perscribed the Lipitor for my high cholesterol.  I questioned it because though my overall chloesterol was high, my HDL was high and my triglycerides were very low.  Lipitor lowered both LDL and HDL.
	The patient did wake up more refreshed in the morning and didn't have to take the usual hour - 2 hour naps after work.  They didn't feel tired during the day anymore	Everything noteworthy has been described above.
	No seizures	After increasing dosing frequency to twice daily, abdominal cramping and then severe diarrhea, medication had to be stopped.
	Has brought BP down to 128/85	I'm going to see a new doctor and insist I be taken off this medication.  My entire quality of life has decreased since starting this drug.  It starts very slow but the longer I have been on it the worse the symptoms have become.  I think it becomes more toxic with time.
	None.	10mg (half a pill) each morning
	Started to fell seasonal depression clear with about a week.	I tried to stay on the drug long enough for side effects to pass, but unfortunately afer I fainted at church, I figured it wasn't worth it.  I do believe if I had been able to wait out the side effects, it would have helped to seasonal depression.
	to lower cholesterol	simvastatin for cholesterol
	This drug was prescribed because my daughter has had adverse side effects from penicillin based antibiotics (trunk rash/hives from amoxicillin for an ear infection). She had a sinus infection that we couldn't get rid of with natural remedies (salt water flush, tea, elevated sleeping) so we went the antibiotic route.	Our daughter completed her treatment with a z pack.
	The drug was prescribed for pain, and it worked to dull post op pain.	After 1 day of oxycontin and the ensuing constipation, I switched to 800 mg of ibuprofen. While not as effective for the pain, the constipation was alleviated. Overall, the ibuprofen was better for me.
	Eliminated or reduced symptoms of anxiety - eliminated heart palpitations and shortness of breath. Provided a general feeling of calm.	I believe I have already done so.
	The amoxicillin got rid of my tooth infection very quick	They prescribed to me for my tooth infection , side effects set in after about 3 days if taking them
	An increase of bone density after a year so I was told I went from being a sever case of osteoporosis to moderate.  I took Fosamax from 2003 to 2007, when my gynocologist switched me to Boniva.  From what I've heard lately, Merck knew of this problem but would not publish information regarding what could happen to other bones.	Surgery and rod implanted in my right leg, thigh to knee.  It is also a long recovery and rehabilitation from walker to crutches and cane.  I am taking calcium (Jarrow's Bone-up) twice daily, 50,000 units Vit D weekly, and will have a variety of tests regarding Niacin in about 2 weeks as a follow-up with my primary physician.
	skin and joints were better	an iv infusion in the doctor's office.
	nothing....I think I am getting worse! I dont know what else to write, I just dont get better!..I am so dissappointed, I feel my eyes tired and dry easily, I get tired so fast and my lips are dry the whole day!	"twice a day DOXI 100 mg...plus face creams..

I wash my face carefully everyday, I exercise (jogging) but it is the same and even worse, my face gets red and have several bumps in my whole chics...hate it! :("
	It was the first product I ever tried that actually stopped my desire to quit smoking. Unfortunately due to the severe allergic reaction I had I was no longer able to take it.	I took the Zyban for three weeks and it helped me to quit smoking, but the side effects/allergic reaction was to severe to continue.
	At first it helped.	"I was diagnosed with COPD about 12 years ago. I started taking Advair about eight years ago. During the course of treatment I tried Spiriva, but had to stop because it was very drying. At one time I was taking Singulair, but that didn't seem to do much of anything. So I quit that. Throughout the entire period I have used Duoneb and Zyrtec. I think I was originally put on 250/50 Advair. That was increased, some years back, to 500/50, and about two years ago reduced back to 250/50. At all times I used the Advair twice a day.



My pulmonologist (also primary care physician) was not much help when I developed side effects, nor did he suggest a substitute treatment when I had to stop using Advair. I went to another doctor who treated me for adrenal fatigue and had me take natural anti-inflammatories and mucolytics to replace the Advair. I still take Duoneb and Zyrtec. I stopped taking the Advair one year ago. I am just now recovering from the adrenal problem. My COPD has not worsened."
	None. Due to side effects I was only able to take a single dose. I am now hoping that I do not have permanent damage from the single dose. Time will tell.	In order to counteract the side effects I took Benadryl for a possible allergic reaction and Prednisone to reduce inflammation. Had to take 2 Tylenol every 6 hours for pain. This drug has not had anywhere near enough testing. In the aftermath of my experience I have now heard for 4 seperate people that they know or heard of someone with a bad Boniva experience. This drug was once a solvent / cleaning product in industry. How on earth did it ever get fed to mammals to see the effect on bone loss / bone growth? I will never take it again, even if I wind up only 4 feet tall. It is a horrible drug.
	None. Ended up in the hospital. Could have died within 15 minutes. This drug is dangerous. Couldn't talk, passed out and was rushed to hospital. NEVER HAD SUCH AN EXPERIENCE WITH A DRUG. It took several IV'S before I started to feel a little better. This medicine has long lasting effects on your body. Had problems thinking, had feelings of fear and walked like I was drunk. No I don't drink. I would never reccommend this medicine to anyone.	"I don't remember everything for I had passed out. Needed oxygen, had epipen,

benedryl and prednisonle(sp) through several IV'S."
	none	This drug is poison and should not be given to children.  My daughter was prescribed this for mild asthma.  Doctors don't know or don't care about the dangerous, life-threatening side effects of this drug.  This is Merck's biggest money maker.  There are much more effective, less dangerous treatments for asthma.  Spread the word.  Get active.
	I was not able to take the drug long enough to know its benefits.	I took 3 pills.  That is all.
	There were no treatment benefits, only side effects.Albuterol HFA made it so difficult for me to breathe, I had to use the discontunued albuterol (in the light blue dispenser)to recover.  I'm very worried I won't survive the change.	Prescribed as needed up to for times a day.
	i thought the uti cleared up but last night i began to feel symtpoms that it has returned.	I went to urgent care because i was having severe kidney pain and i found blood in my urine.  The dr. too found blood and protien and suggested this drug.   I mentioned that i rarely take even and aspirin and am prone to side effects.  I also mentioned that a week earlier i had bloodwork done and it showed an inflamed liver.  I waited for the office to call me with the results which they never did.  Finally i called and they said they had lost my number, but yes indeed i did have a UTI.  (8 days later). I mentioned that i was having severe side effects and before i said what they were, they said, "It doesn't sound related to the drug".  It was an apprubt brush off.  Will these sypmtoms ever go away?  What is the time frame?
	The only time I didn't want to smoke was when I was so nauseous and or throwing up after taking the medication. I seemingly derived no benefit from the use of this medication.	I was to be on this course of treatment for a possible 12 weeks....From the onset of treatment, I experienced every one of the adverse effects and was told that after a few weeks they would subside...So was not the case in my situation...I finally gave up as my life was severely impacted by using this medication.
	Mirapex: tremor control	Subsequently: he got DBS implanted and has been able to reduce the Mirapex - BUT THE DAMAGE IS DONE
	Emotions were somewhat blunted. Less moodiness.	"I was on Zoloft for about 2 years total. I am extremely sensitive to medication, so I started at a dose of 25 mgs. and slowly titrated up to 100 mgs. I was unaware that this was probably too high of a dose for me. It subsequently caused me to start taking other prescriptions to mitigate some side effects. My doctor prescribed Ritalin and Focalin for the lethargy and fatigue side effects that I experienced during the day, and Ambien for the insomnia that Zoloft caused. I am still on Ambien to this day. 



The worst effect of Zoloft came when I tried to get off of it. It was total, utter hell. I have since found out that this is euphemistically called, ""discontinuation Syndrome."" 



I first cut the dose down to 50 mgs. and did not experience problems. I then slowly titrated down over several months until I came off of it completely. Over the next few weeks, I started experiencing strange, tingling sensations down my body, panic attacks, (which I had never experienced before), and extreme nausea - which became so bad, I lost 20 pounds in 6 weeks. This was all extremely traumatic as I am a type 1 diabetic who needs to eat to balance the insulin I take. The panic attacks got so bad, I had to be on Xanax XR everyday for months. I could not function normally or work. I tried to stick it out because I didn't want to go back on an SSRI after all the trouble and side effects it caused. I went to a MD who was also an alternative care specialist, thinking he could give me St. Johns Wort and I could manage with that until I got over the physical side effects of the SSRI, but it didn't work. I eventually had to go back on an SSRI just to function normally. I am on Lexapro now. I managed to be drug free for the first 40 years of my life (except for insulin), and now because of the aftermath of Zoloft, I am on Ambien, Lexapro, and Valium occasionally for anxiety. To top that off, the alternative doctor put me on a supplement that ended up being an anabolic steroid (which he called a 'nutritional supplement' and I ended up having to go on even more medication to fight the side effects that I incurred from that. All because of Zoloft. I will regret taking it the rest of my life."
1	Ineffective
3	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
5	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
2	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
3	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
7	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Marginally Effective
3	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Highly Effective
5	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
7	Considerably Effective
2	Marginally Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
3	Moderately Effective
3	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
3	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
3	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
2	Highly Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
2	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
2	Marginally Effective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
2	Moderately Effective
1	Considerably Effective
5	Considerably Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
3	Considerably Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Considerably Effective
4	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Considerably Effective
6	Marginally Effective
1	Considerably Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Highly Effective
2	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
3	Considerably Effective
1	Highly Effective
2	Moderately Effective
1	Marginally Effective
2	Moderately Effective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Considerably Effective
2	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
7	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
2	Considerably Effective
1	Marginally Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
1	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
