	"slowed the progression of left ventricular dysfunction into overt heart failure 

alone or with other agents in the managment of hypertension 

mangagement of congestive heart failur"	monitor blood pressure , weight and asses for resolution of fluid
	The acid reflux went away for a few months after just a few days of being on the drug. The heartburn started again as soon as I stopped taking it. So I began treatment again. 6 months passed and I stopped taking it. The heartburn came back, and seemed worse even. The doctor said I should try another 6 month treatment. I did, and the same exact thing happened. This went on for about three years. I asked why this wasn't curing my reflux. The doctor quite frankly told me that it wasn't a cure, but a "treatment for the symptoms". I was told that I would probably be on it for the rest of my life.	I was given Prilosec prescription at a dose of 45mg per day. Medication was taken once, every morning before eating. Each treatment duration was for 6 months.
	My mood has noticably improved, I have more energy, experience better sleep and digestion.	I had began taking 20mg of Vyvanse for three months and was surprised to find that such a small dose affected my mood so effectively.  When it came to school work though I found that I needed the 30mg to increase my level of focus (and have been on it for a month since).  I had not experienced decreased appetite until about a month into taking the 20mg.  I find that the greatest benefit of Vyvanse for me is that it tends to stabalize my mood on a daily basis and lessens any bouts of anxiety and depression that i used to face before I was perscribed.
	I found that this drug helps significantly with my level of depression and monthly irritability that occurs around my menstrual cycles.	This was prescribes to me for treatment for depression, seasonable disorder and hormonal irritability.   I have gone off this medication while pregnant, but have resumed to help ease depression issues.
	"For the first time in my life I had enough lashes to apply mascara to.  I had tried eyelash extensions which only broke off or pulled out what few thin lashes I did have.  Strip lashes were itchy and uncomfortable.  I now have normal lashes.

Even though I only applied it to upper lashes the lower lashes have grown longer and thicker too."	For the first 6-8 weeks I used one drop every night applied to upper lash base with a small disposable brush.  After my lashes had grown in I started using it every 2-3 nights instead of every night and the lashes have stayed longer and thicker than prior to treating them.
	Very good at relieving anxiety.  Good at generally calming me down and 'leveling me out' to make functioning easier.  Helps a little to relax muscle tension.  Calming effect makes an excellent sleep aid.	Used for general anxiety and as an adjunct for depression and chronic pain.  Very good at alleviating any anxiety and jittery feelings.  'Levels out' my mood but doesn't cause euphoria; I have no desire to take more than I need.  However I am very dependent on it; if I stop taking it for a couple of days I have bad nervousness and jitteryness, tachycardia, sweating, and other anxiety symptoms.  If I wanted to discontinue I would have to do _very_ slowly, but this is the nature of long-term benzodiazepine treatment.
	reduction of panic attacks and depression to almost nil	started on a low dose (25mg) and built up to 150mg over 3 months which was reduced to 75mg per day after six months. This dose continues today. A six month treatment break resulted in a return of the symptoms so treatment was resumed at 25mg up to 75mg after one month.
	fits settled down to maybe 1 a fortnight which were daily before this medication	givn by specialist after previous medicine epilim caused serious side effects still messing with dosage in the hope of getting his fits down to 0 but so far a vast improvement in seizures
	I'm feeling more grounded; highs and lows are less extreme.  You could say that my emotional 'playing field' is more level.	"My doctor started me on a minimal dose (25 mg) of Lamotrigine, and this will be prior to starting Interferon/Ribavarin treatment for the Hep-C I've got.  (An antidepressant may be added in the near future as well.) Lamotrigine was prescribed to put me in a calmer state of mind, specifically because of the high anxiety effect I receive from antidepressants, which resulted in 2 visits to an emergency room - as well as a one month hospital stay due to extreme anxiety and paranoia.

So far/so good is this layman's analysis."
	decrease in acne pustules	Take medication twice a day in combination with good skin care
	Alert, awake, focused	I have only been on Vyvanse for 2 weeks.  I started at 40 mg. and now at 60 mg. until next week where I will probably be upped to 70 mg.  I used to take Focalin and then found out I was bipolar so had to stop that for close to a year to become stable on lithium.  I feel alert, awake and focused and feel Vyvanse is very smooth and lasts longer.  Hope I get the weight loss benefits eventually.
	My  bone density's results have always been stable and I was told to continue with the drug.	"Eight years ago I started with Fosamax for 3-4 years and then took Actonel.

In March, I decided not to take Actonel any longer.   I had been on it for too long and was fearful of esophageal cancer and bone breakage.  Now my doctor wants me to take the Prolia injections, which I am not going to do. I am not going to continue with any drugs.   My bone density recently done was in the minuses.  I do work with a personal trainer and execise daily.  I am searching for alternative ways to deal with this problem."
	I was more alert during the first part of the day but I found that it wore off by the afternoon. I could focus clearly, and if I needed a boost during the day another dose was enough.	"I took modafinil for cronic fatigue and general drousiness. I found it to be moderatly effective. 



In the morning after I would take a dose the effects were noticeble and even pronounced, however after about lunchtime it totally wore off and I would have to take another dose, but if the second pill is taken later in the day it sometimes would interfere with sleep so one must be carful to take the pill at the right time."
	Sleeping 7-8 hours without hangover	It is a GODSEND. Fully rested in the am and feel like a new person. I am convinced it has kept me from sliding into a full depression. It works on 3 levels for me: 1. My body gets rest so I can 'fight' for another day. 2. My brain heals. 3. I can endure a difficult day knowing I can take the pill and go to sleep. I consider it a miracle cure for preventing a full blown depression. Wish I had it available to me years ago...could have changed my life. I would recommend to anyone in for a good experience while getting to sleep!
	I have taken antidepressants for many years, and this is first that did not "flip the switch" on sexuality.  I no longer feel like I am looking out of a dark room.  I have more energy, feel more motivated, and overall function at a higher level than before.	I suffer chronic depression and the Wellbutrin is the first antidepressant that did not sedate me, and the only that did not dampen sexual feelings.  I have taken tricyclics (sp?) which were extremely sedating as well as limiting as far as OTC medications and dietary restrictions.  I have also tried SSRIs (prozac, zoloft, etc.)and while they temporarily relieved my depression, 1) the effect did not last more than 6 months, and 2) they completely destroyed my libido.
	Ostensibly this will halt or even reverse the effects of male-pattern baldness. So far, one month in, there is not a great deal to report. I expected my hair loss to temporarily increase, as I had read in the literature that as dormant hair follicles reactivate, they push dead hairs out in order to form new ones. In other word, hair in a dead follicle will linger for a few months, and reactivation of the follicle will push out the old hair to make room for the new. So far, this has not occurred. The product must be taken for up to two years for any noticeable hair growth to take place, so I really haven't been on it long enough to judge its re-growth potential. In terms of halting the process, however, I must say there are fewer hairs in my brush each morning, so it's possible the drug is having an effect already. I will post a fuller report in another forty-seven months, I suppose.	Overall, whether I am having some sort of placebo-effect reaction or not, my subjective impression is that hair loss has slowed or stopped and that the hair remaining appears fuller. I presented my symptoms to the doctor and she issued a prescription that same day, which I filled that afternoon at a local pharmacy and began taking immediately. The formulation I was prescribed was 1 milligram, although I believe the usual prescription is for 2 milligrams and can go as high as 5 milligrams. My case was mild to begin with, so it may be difficult to judge results. However, other than the mild side-effects I described above, which subsided within three days, I must say overall that my experience has been a positive one.
	migraine headache would stop	I have taken both the shots and the pills (separately) and they both worked well.  I would need to take the pills before getting sick to stomach, because if after, I could not keep pills down.  The shot worked regardless of when I took it.
	relieves depression, helps other things such as sleep, dieting, exercise, relationships, responses to stimulous.  The cost is lower than other antidepressants which can be a help to those on a budget.	took a seemingly long period of time to become effective.  Once started, however, it did what I expected.  It is hard to be without now and think that it will be a problem stopping in the future.
	To stop with the migraines, seizures and pain from the fibromyalgia,also have neuropathy in hands and feet from diabetes	take two 100 mgs tablets in am when I was given the increase I was told to take two 100 mgs tablets in the am and 1 in the evening before bed
	The drug was pretty good for pain. They had me on morphine, which was horrible. The pain was preferable to the crazy dreams and paranoia I had. They then tried oxycontin, which was the best pain drug they gave me, but too addictive... so they moved me to vicodin products, which worked pretty well, with surprisingly few side effects.	I just took the pills every 4-6 hours when the kidney pain was too bad. I tried to only take them at night as the conditions improved since they made me sleep. I stopped takeing them long before the infections and colon problems were resolved, as I don't like takeing drugs.
	Able to tolerate the pain	"Following a nasal reconstruction and bone graft to 

my nasal bridge pain relief was prescribed.  My nose 

was crushed in an accident.

I did not think that it would be necessary, however

the procedure turned out to be extremely painful for

several days. The pain medication allowed me to tolerate the pain, however it made it impossible for me to function normally. All I could do was sleep and remain in a haze until the pain diminished"
	very effective pain killer	take the pills for pain
	Brought down my overall cholestorol reading from 218 to 150, LDL from 135 to 90 and triglycerides from 180 to 140 within 3 months time.	I started on the medication 3yrs ago and still take it today with continued good results and no side effects.
	no menopose benifits are loss off sytoms of menopose. improved mood leval. I have felt more energectic aand as stated a general mood elevation. I have started working out , less irratable and overall calmer. The hormone replacement has improved my lifestyle and relationships to others. I am know longer quick tempered or irritable.	i started 5 years ago due to hystromectery I hve a mood disorder and it was felt that menopose would complicate that. Since then I have thought it was the right decision and have been grateful foe the doctors suggestion.
	Lost over 30 pounds and still going!	"So I started taking 15mg Meridia once daily and lost 20 pounds in the first month. I was so excited, I never expected this pill to work at all.

But Then the following week I gained 8 pounds, so I stopped taking it. Its been 2 months now since I have taken one and I've lost an additional 19 pounds since I have stopped. 

I notice that I will usually gain a pound or two and the following week loose 4 or 5. Sometimes I'll have 2 weeks of no weight lose followed by a week of pretty dramatic weight lose.

I would never have been able to lose the weight without using Meridia to start off. I don't know if my stomach has shrunk or if I just have a better idea of how much to eat and what to do to lose weight, regardless I'm thrilled and couldn't be happier with the results!"
	The pressure in my eyes decreased with use over a period of four months.	The drops are administered twice a day approximately 12 hours apart. It is usually necessary to keep eyes closed for a minute or two until the burning subsides.
	Very well managed blood pressure within normal, healthy range.  I had an allergic reaction to a more common blood pressure medication, Lisinopril (which is a combination of a thiazide diuretic and an ACE inhibitor).  The newer Tekturna has worked perfectly for me with only the slightest dizziness when I rose too quickly early on, but no side effects at all after the first few weeks.	I take one 300mg Tekturna per day, in the morning, along with 10mg of Terazosin (Hytrin) and my blood pressure is wonderfully under control. My last blood pressure reading was 110/66 which is perfect!
	smoother skin,less lines on the face and neck area,collagen in skin is firmer and supple	wash face,wait 20 minutes then applied a pea size to dry skin always wear a good suncreen about thirthy percent.  Make sure to apply every two hours
	Before I started on the drug Lexapro, I felt lethargic and didn't want to get out of bed each morning. I hated getting up and facing the day. I would sit and watch the time pass by. Finally, I went to my Dr. for a checkup and he diagnosed me as being depressed. He put me on Wellbutrin and Lexapro 10 mg. I was instructed to take the pill 2 times per day everyday. For the first week I felt disconnected from myself but by the 2nd week I started to feel as if each morning was something to look forward to. I believe that Lexapro was a great addition to my life during my troubled times.	Lexapro was taken 2 times a day for 2 months.
	helped aleviate whip lash symptoms	i took the medications for the prescribed time and symptoms improved, however, I still have some symptoms which are being treated through physical therapy since the accident was only in December
	weight loss, more energy	"take one pill each morning on an empty stomach with a large glass of water.



each 3 months have blood test to determine the need to increase or decrease the

medicines dose."
	Definitely lowered anxiety.	I took this medication during a protracted court drama that kept me on the edge of "losing it".
	I did go to sleep more easily. I'm not sure how effective the time release is, because I often would wake up 4-5 hours later. Sometimes I didn't take it to sleep, but upon waking at 3pm, would take one to go back to sleep. They say to not take unless you have 8 hours to sleep, but this is not the case with me. The cutoff time is 4-5 hours.	The treatment details? I like to have it on hand, but not to use unless I can't get to sleep any other way. Often, I go to sleep easily enough, but wake in the middle of the night. If it's 2-3am, I will take one, and might be groggy in the morning, but I function better than if I couldn't go back to sleep. If it's after 3:20am, I haven't tried it yet, because I get up early.
	For the first time in my life, I had enough eyelashes to apply mascara to.  I had tried eyelash extensions previously but they only worsened the problem by breaking off or pulling out what skimpy lashes I did have.  After several months of Latisse I have eyelashes and even though I apply it only to upper lashes it has made lower lashes grow too.	I applied a single drop of Latisse to a brush and ran it along the base of my upper lashes each night for the first 2 months and now just use it about every 2-3 days and my lashes have stayed longer and thicker even with less use.
	The Wellbutrin with 20 mg of Prozac daily as an adjunct alleviated most symptoms of depression.  Better sleep as a result, and more energy throughout the day.	I had been taking Prozac with other medications for 10 years and it had stopped working for me.  After being prescribed Wellbutrin with it, I found I felt so much better.  However, when I tried to stop taking Prozac entirely and stay just on the Wellbutrin, my depression returned.  I have been on this cocktail now for 5 years and believe it has helped me immensly.
	Along with the tamiflu, pretty much cleared up any problems I had except for my cough. It was not as bad as a cough, but was still present. It took about 2 days for the medication to actually work but it does a good job.	Went to my infirmary at my college, and was prescribed biaxin and tamiflu for my flu-like symptoms and pneumonia. Told to take both tamiflu and biaxin until finished (10 days for biaxin, 5 for tamiflu).
	Hair loss. Helps hair follicles become less sensitive to protestosterone.	She had had testing done for high levels of testosterone which were sometimes average sometimes average-high (5.0). So it was not that she had too much testosterone, it was the way her hair folicles were responding to it. With this treatment you must be careful to get plenty of electrolytes in body. Also most effective if taken with birth control.
	Increased bone density by 11% first year.	Once a week Fosomax, taken on empty stomach with plenty of water. Ability to stand or sit upright for at least 30 minutes after taking is required. My phyisican prefers this to once a month options, saying it is more effective.
	Little if any relief from headache.	Patient experienced severe headache accompanied by sensitivity to light.  Packing information claimed relief of headache as a suggested usage.  Patient purchased in reliance on packaging information.  After administration of the prescribed dosage over a period of twelve hours, little or no relief was noticed.
	I found for me it was great for pain relief. Also, unlike some of the anti-inflammatory drugs I had taken in the past, I was not drowsy or sluggish during the day and I felt as if I could function normally.	I was told by my doctor and pharmacist that this was a non-addictive medication, but when I quit taking it the withdrawal symptoms were extreme.  I had cold chills,severe body aches, diarrhea, nausea, headache, heart palpitations, anxiety, sweating, dizziness, vomiting and depressed feelings. I got a refill prescription to gradually come off of it after that and it occurred once again.  I have never had substance abuse issues but after doing some research learned that it is opiate-based and highly addictive. I have never felt that kind of pain and sickness in my life and pray I never do again. I have heard similar experiences from others as well. I would not recommend this drug and do not believe that it is not addictive.  From now on, I will do my homework before I take anything else. I now use OTC pain relievers and I encourage everyone who reads this to do the same before beginning treatment with tramadol or any pain reliever.
	Easy to apply, combination of retinol and antibiotic.  Treated acne and an anti-aging treatment too.  The gel is odorless and goes on easily.  It is also non-greasy which is important if you have combination or oily skin.	Apply once a day at night on dry skin.
	After trying Celexa for several months this drug finally made a difference with my anxiety and obsessive compulsive personality disorder. I noticed considerable change after using for 3-4 weeks. I am much more tolerant of things being "out of control" and have stopped some of my "patterns".	I had taken this drug several years ago for depression. I weaned myself off gradually after using for about 1 and 1/2 years. I have been in counceling for the past 5 months and was diagnosed with OCPD. The constant perfectionism created so much anxiety for me. I felt "stuck". After trying Celexa for several months I thought I would give the Effexor another try. I am very glad I did. The only down side is the cost. The drug is very expensive.
	While taking this method of birth control, my period only came once every three months. It was much lighter than before and only lasted 3 days instead of 6, which was normal before. I didn't experience any bloating. It's a very cost-effective method compared to three-month supply of normal 28 day cycle pills.	It's very easy to take one pill per day and only have one "off" week in three months.
	When I started first taking it it was great. I would get up in the am no brain fog, and could work the whole day not being tired. By night time though I was exhausted. After a month or so I still get up early but by afternoon I am so tired I usually try to take a nap or just keep going and eventually it will get better. I have not tried taking another in the afternoon. I have tried to up the dose in the am with no difference.	I just take one 200mg every morning when I get up. If I do not take it I thought is why I would be so sleepy during the day. But now I get sleepy anyway. But the waking up early is great were as I could not get up before.
	Before Lexapro I was so depressed I could not function. I forced myself to work, and would come home exhausted. I had suicidal ideation and severe anxiety. I had "bouts" of depression before, but was never treated. My separation and death of my Mother and loss of my job in one years time pushed me past what I could get myself out of. I was irritable, unsociable, had no desire to eat (lost 50 lbs that I could stand to lose in 6 months), cried all the time. I started Lexapro 3 months ago, almost 4. I began at 10 mg and it was upped to 20 mg. I feel like I am starting to have my life back. I laugh again (genuinely). I can get up for work, I can socialize. I still have days where I feel like crying and am very scared.. but it passes quickly. I have almost regained my general sense of optimism again. (I was always happy go lucky). I have NO ideation anymore.Lexapro is giving me my life back. It is like someone cleaned a really dirty window. I can see things more clearly now and do not ruminate as much as I did or have guilt feelings that are inappropriate. It saved my life.	I have found  that I have to take it at night because of the sedating effect it seems to have on me, but that is not a problem. I was on 10 mg, and ramped up to 20 mg fairly quickly, which was like a shock to my body.. that 3 or 4 days were like a haze, but I stuck with it and it passed. I am on it for almost 4 months now and I am feeling much more like myself.
	There was a significant reduction in mouth pain. I was able to relax following periodontal surgey and not worry about family obligations and responsibilities.	I was prescribed vicoden in case I had measurable pain following peridontal gum surgery. I was presribed to take the Vicoden PRN for pain every 4-6 hours.
	The patient saw effective acne control within 4 weeks.  She still had occasional acne lesions but saw clearing of most of the comedones.  Because there were few new acne lesions, the hyperpigmentation she got along with the acne was not happening, and the hydroquinone helped to clear the hyperpigmentation she already had.  At four weeks, her skin tone was even.	Medication is easy to use, and high patient satisfaction.
	THE NUVARING HAS PROVEN TO BE VERY EFFECTIVE FOR ME. I HAVE HAD A LOT OF PROBLEMS WITH BIRTH CONTROL THROUGHOUT MY LIFE. HAVING TRIED MANY IF NOT ALL POSSIBLE  BIRTH CONTROL TREATMENTS, I BELIEVE THIS IS THE ONE THAT WORKS THE BEST FOR ME. IT IS PRACTICAL AND VERY FEW SIDE EFFECTS WHEN COMPARED TO THE ORAL CONTRACEPTIVES, IUDs OR  INJECTIONS.	IT IS VERY EASY TO USE, YOU INSERT IT IN THE VAGINA, IT STAYS IN FOR 3 WEEKS AND TAKE IT OUT FOR ONE TO HAVE YOUR PERIOD. THEN PUT A NEW ONE IN. VERY EASY TO USE AND THE PARTNER DOES NOT FEEL DISCOMFORT DUE TO THE RING.
	The benefits are that the medication is very effective in treating menstrual cramping. Three times daily dosage is also quite convenient. I have been taking this medication for over 10 years and I don't see any long term side effects associated with it. Another benefit is that the medication is very useful in preventing menstrual cramp. If it is taken BEFORE menstruation, I won't experience any cramp at all.	Overall I'm very satisfied with the medication in it's efficacy and side effects profile. I only experience occasional side effects and in general the medication is very effective in treating and preventing menstrual cramping. However, the medication is best being taken before the cramping has started or immediately when the cramping starts because the longer you wait, the less effective the medication is, regardless the dose of the medication.
	First treatment in 50 years that helped the constant but elusive pain in my nervous system, causing me to sleep an hour or two at a time at best.  The pain is 100% gone when I take the mirapex ... back when I do not.	I take it at bedtime nightly.
	My skin cleared up and my pores shrank significantly. My skin looked flawless. My pores have remained smaller long-term (5+ years post treatment).	"I had monthly lab work and doctor's visits to make sure I was having no ill effects, which I did not. I suffered no psychological symptoms or depression, in fact I felt less depressed because my skin looked so much better.



I would encourage patients and doctors not to be so frightened of this drug. It's a serious drug and bears monitoring, but lots of drugs are. I tried Retin-A and that made my skin look and feel horrible, as did other topical treatments. The benefits to your skin and your self-esteem make Accutane worth consideration if other treatments have not been effective."
	relaxed	Taking zoloft once a day IF YOU ARE REALLY DEPRESSED may work wonders. But try to gat off of it as soon as possible. Long term side effects are still not known.
	I have been taking meridia for the last 6 weeks and have lost 16 lbs.  It has decreased my appetite and I am not thinking about food all the time.  Combined with diet and exercise this has helped me out a lot.	Meridia combined with diet and exercise has made loosing weight a lot easier this is the boost that I needed to change my life style.
	"-Prevented pregnancy perfectly

-Enlarged breasts

-Regulated periods

-Lighter flow during menstrual cycle

-Cleared skin for (moderate) acne"	"I've been on Ortho TRI-Cyclen for a year now, and have had little to no problems with it. Before going on the pill, I would have awfully irregular periods, and very bad cramps the first day of my cycle. Since going on it, my periods have become light, and regular. My breast have gotten larger, and my skin has cleared up. This pill is great! This being said, my results may have been so wonderful because I make ABSOLUTELY sure that I take it EVERYDAY at the SAME TIME.



Wonderful pill, great side affects after the first month moodiness clears up. Just be sure to always take it everyday at the same time."
	Completely controlled nausea and vomiting.	I was dealing with unrelenting nausea and vomiting for about five months.  A combination of other drugs was tried, and they had a limited ability to control the nausea. I had lost a lot of weight, and was at the point where the weight loss had left me pale and weak. When Zofran was added to the list of drugs I was given, I had immediate relief and was able to stop taking several of the other drugs.  I now take Zofran in the morning and evening and have stopped an unwanted weight loss and can enjoy eating again.   I recently had a biopsy where I had to have nothing in my stomach for twelve hours.  The prescribed pain killers after the procedure immediately brought back the vomiting, and my friend reminded the nurse that I usually used Zofran for that.  Within ten minutes after giving me a dose the nausea was gone and I was able to get much needed rest.
	Little improvement for first week or so but then incredible turnaround. Went from regularly not being able to walk properly due to inflamed sacroiliac joints and general back pain and flu-like aches across whole body most days to a new woman! After 3 months have noticed the last couple of weeks some of the aches and pains starting to come back slightly towards end of the week but overall extremely positive.	Enbrel weekly - self injected subcutaneously, 50mg
	oh there was benefits, I did not have allergys and my my heart rate was down.	Well, it all started back when I was fishing for jims and johns google which nothing seemed static relativity bound night train into fox holes stuck like glue into a world of hybrid horses, far from the eye can see in marlboro land once before the blue moon on the buildings outer limit limo taxi service system.
	Other Osteoporosis prevention drugs have many side effects.  This particular drug has almost no side effects and has shown evidence in clinical testing to reduce the occurance of breast cancer.  The only side effects I had are leg cramps and apparently, only a very few women experience this condition.	It is expensive.  My health benefits are not very good, so it costs around $100.00 a month.  Other than the periodic leg cramps, I have no other side effects.
	rapid heart beat stoped, and blood pressure went down.	Take once daily.
	treatment of low thyroid state and low metabolic state	As above for hypothyroidism taking medication for three years, no side effects were observed except for some hyperthyroid symptoms when dosage was being adjusted. For example when pregnant and endogenous thyroid hormone production increases, needed to be on lower dose which was adjusted with measurement of TSH.
	Hormonal cysts cleared up and did not recur after 3 years. My lips were rather dry and I had to moisturise them frquently. But the treatment was 100% effective and entirely worthwhile.	I took the medication for 3 months and my cystic acne disappeared. I had my liver function monitored during the treatment. All went smoothly.
	My Dr. prescribed Cymbalta to treat my chronic tension headaches. I was on Lexapro for a little over a year, but gained about 30 pounds. Due to the excessive weight gain I gradually went off the Lexapro. Well- about 5 weeks later my headaches came back. My Dr. reccomended Cymbalta b/c it "weight neutral" and also has pain relieving properties.	Cymbalta was presribed for me to treat my chronic tension headaches and mild depresion.
	The treatment benefits were only temporary.  While it made sneezing and watery eyes diminish, it did not address the issue of respiratory difficulties.  I found that it may have even increased my respiratory symptoms in this process.	I was to take one allegra per day to help alleviate pet allergies.
	Wasn't as severly depressed as before taking the drug, didn't sleep as much and was able to function normally in a job.	"Took the medication in the mornings



tried to discontinue the medication gradually, but had severe side effects including electric like shocks"
	Stabilized my moods, stopped my racing thoughts, and stomped all over my paranoia	I was afraid to take an antipsychotic when I first found out I was bipolar in April 11 but the other treatments weren't working and I decided to ask my doctor about Seroquel XR and I'm glad I did. It's the first drug that survived a refill :) and many more to come. My paranoia has stopped and depression lifted. I still get anxiety but clonazepam helps with that and I'm trying to work on that On my own too.
	"Effects on the infection were immediate; felt better in the 

first week of treatment."	"In 1993, after treatment of a sinus infection, had to deal

with hyperpigmentation issues. So far, as of March 2008,

I'm nearing my 2nd round of hydroquinone treatment to 

correct it."
	fast onset of action.  quicker than a zpak with is erythromycin. for 5 days.  Onset of action is faster and patient starts to feel better in two days versus a week.	take by mouth twice daily for 10 days
	It helped by tight neck muscles relax so when I woke up, they didn't hurt.	I had slept wrong one night and caused major inflamation in my neck muscles. Nothing helped; massage, Tylenol, etc. This did work. It allowed me to sleep without pain and eventually my neck just healed itself.
	Helped me be able to leave the house for the first time in months, quickly reduced my anxiety and I didn't have any attacks.	"This medication (and other benzodiazepines) has gotten a bad reputation because some irresponsible people have ruined it for those that actually need it. If people would take this drug as prescribed, there would not be as many problems and it wouldn't carry the stigma it does now.



I started having panic attacks when I turned 21, and the condition soon worsened into full-blown panic disorder. A year later, I couldn't hold down a job and was agoraphobic. I tried counseling and medications like Zoloft and Lexapro. The side effects from those made me feel worse than I did just not taking them.



Finally my doctor decided to put me on Alprazolam as-needed. 



It has been a life-saver for me. I would take the lowest dose (0.25 mg), and be able to leave my house for the first time in months. I visited friends, went to restaurants, and did everything I used to do before my disorder. I finally felt like I had my life back. I would take one whenever I anticipated a situation where I could have an attack, or when I felt one coming on already. Sometimes I didn't even need all of the 0.25 mg and could break it in half. 



Too many people abuse this medication by upping their dosage without a doctor's consent or using it when they don't need to, and now you are almost treated like a criminal at some pharmacies and doctor's offices when they learn you are taking it because they think you are a druggie.



I *much* prefer this medication over any of the SSRIs, which have horrible side effects. I felt like a zombie on those medications, had no sex drive at all, and didn't have any energy whatsoever. The doctors tell you those side effects will go away with use, but for days to even weeks you feel 10 times worse than you did before. It's just not worth it.



0.25 mg of Alprazolam as-needed for anxiety has helped me get my life back on track and really helped save me from spending days and nights locked away in my house. I highly recommend this medication for responsible people who just need something in a crutch and don't want to go on long-term SSRIs that leave you feeling drained and lifeless.



Yes, counseling and therapy are a better alternative to medication, but the problem is always finding a *good* counselor, and sometimes even then, they just don't work. I have seen 3 counselors and all of them have failed to help me with anything, all I did was waste a $20 copay each visit to have them tell me things that sounded like they came from an inspirational booklet. 



Taken *as* prescribed or as-needed, this drug is wonderful."
	hair growth, regained at least 50% of lost hair. seriously I did and continue to use it	it works- I also use retin a/minoxidil topically and growth was ok with those but much enhanced with the medication
	"After about two weeks of being on the medicine, I started to feel a little better but I think it takes awhile for it to really kick in. The medicine has helped me by the following:

Lessened depression, better overall mood, slightly less irritable and sensitive, better able to function daily"	I was diagnosed with severe depression after attempted suicide.
	Taking Lexapro has become a staple in my life.  I come from an extremely depressed family history including suicide in the family and extreme bi-polar disorder in my father.  Without some kind of anti-depressant I literally cannot sleep at night due to low positive brain chemicals causing me to wake every few hours and have a very hard time falling asleep.  Therefore I take 15 mg prophylactically of Lexapro long-term.  I would rather not be on anything at all but unfortunately have tried that in the past without success.  I do think this drug can be very good if it helps you, though it is not a cure all by any means.	I have tried 20 mg per day in divided doses (10 mg a.m. and 10 mg before bed at night) as well as 15 mg per day administered once in the morning.  I prefer the 15 mg although the 20 does work a little better as long as I divide the doses.  I am staying at 15 because I would like to take as small a dose as possible while still managing my depression symptoms.  I was happier overall on 20 mg however.  Oddly enough, taking 20 mg once in the morning rather than divided into a.m. and p.m. seemed to make my depression worse and I found myself crying more.  All in all the best for me is 20 mg with half in the morning and half at night.  However, for long term use I prefer to take 15 mg just once per day at night.
	I have tried many other medications that were useless.  Over the counter as well as other px.  This treatment always works.  The headache subsides in one to two hours.	I feel tired and usually need to take a short rest a few hours after taking medication
	"Took all the terrible pain burning throbbing swelling paper cuts and constant

Urination and pressure felt like id been hit inside was sore all the time even with out sex it was there constant pain around my Vaginal opening like a burn or sratch and inside too my genitals inner labia and clitoral hood have shrunk 

Ive been postmeno for 15 years Sex became almost normal except for entering

Id say it worked 95% some days and 100% others"	I took 1 every night for 3 weeks then every second night for 2 weeks then one twice a week
	None	None
	Treatment benefits are stabilized thyroid.  Was having a weight issue, and with a blood test it was determined that the thyroid gland was "sluggish".  I was very exhausted also and it has helped somewhat with fatigue.	Pill is taken early in the morning on an empty stomach.  It is basically prescription iodine as hypothyroidism is basically an iodine deficiency.  Symptoms that I experienced were basically weight gain and extreme fatigue.  It's taken awhile to get the dosage correct, and after switching pharmacies and getting a different drug manufactured by another company, I feel that maybe another blood test is necessary to confirm that the new pills are as effective as the others I had been taking for 5 years.
	"That I felt able to function.

The dose was perfect for my condition.

Felt more calm and moods much better."	citalopram has made it possible for me to feel good whilst coping with depression. My only concern, like with any medication is becoming dependent.
	elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.	Inital treatment included therapy and Lexapro in addition to Wellbutrin XL.  Now only on the Wellbutrin XL.  I see the psychiatrist every 4 months for re-evaluation.
	Loss of the desire to smoke and eventually the cessation of smoking altogether.	Literature says that desire to smoke should cease after 2 weeks.  It took about 3 1/2 for me.  Chantix effectively helped me quit smoking without horrible withdrawals and side effects.  It has been 1 year and 4 months now.  I am completely free of cigarettes now.  Chantix was the only thing that helped.
	daily hot flashes and night sweats are much less severe if any at all. sleep is less distrubed and mood swings are much less. i no longer feel enraged when i wake in the morning.  Depression is gone and i feel less tired (probably because i get more sleep).	prempro has saved my life
	Greatly benefitted depression. I started to take this just before my child was born, having had post partum depression with another baby, and I was anticipating my life to be at least as hectic, if not more hectic, when this child was born as when the older child was born. I was very  pleased with the antidepressant effects. I never experienced any depression at all once this baby was born. I did not experience hypomania like I did with sertraline, which was a huge concern of mine. I just did not become depressed when this baby was born.	"I started to take wellbutrin xl at about six months of pregnancy and continued for approx six months, when the baby was about three months old. I usually took it in the morning, but often times forgot and took it later in the day. None of this seemed to affect how well it worked. Were it not for the fact that it is so expensive and that it can be toxic to the body, I would take it every day. 



(Please do not reveal my email address. I really value my privacy. Thank you.)"
	"quite effective without the adverse effects of aspirin, naproxin etc.

because of the reported side effects of cox2  meds i take as little as possible to maintain a reletively comfortable exixtence"	i take 1x 7.5 tablet every other day plus omega 3/6/9 and halibut liver oil caps and walk as much as possible. I only resort to 1 tablet daily if knee is really bad. 15mg daily and i am pain free but i am not prepared to risk the side effects on an otherwise healthy  body
	It definitely reduced the size and severity of the cold sore but now I get the more frequently.  Like twice a month!!	I began getting cold sores about 5 years ago, when I was 35.  I would get them 3-4 times per year, especially when the weather changed.  My doctor prescribed me a 1mg tablet to take 2 of them in the morning and 2 at night at the onset of a cold sore.  It helped but the sore still ran its ugly course, even if I caught it right at the tingling point before it came out.  When I was 38, I went on birth control.  After about a year of being on Yaz, I began getting cold sores EVERY MONTH!  I told my doctor but she didn't think it was from the birth control - even though I read that BC suppresses your immune system, and anything that does that can allow for more instances of cold sores.  I went off the Yaz for 2 months, and STILL got cold sores during those two months.  So maybe she was right.  She then prescribed Valtrez 500mg once per day and I've been taking that since 9/09.  Still, like clockwork I get a cold sore every single month.  Either right before during or after my period.  So I think it's hormonal.  something is triggering them every month.  I've changed my diet completely, I take 4,000mg of Lsyine each day, I've tried the Red Marine Algae also.  No difference.  I'm a high stress personality anyway which doesn't help.  My doctor prescribed a mild sedative just to take the edge off and it does work great.  But still, the cold sores come like clockwork.  I just don't get it.  I'm starting a new job soon where I'll actually have to go to an office each day.  for the last 10 years I've been a road warrior, so I've been able to get around having to see people by making my own hours, especially if a cold sore errupts.  Now I don't know what I'll do.  It scares me and I'm stressed over that as well which doesn't help.  I feel plagued!  I don't know what else to try.  Maybe Acyclovir?
	increased energy. better focus. better sex drive. more "alive" than when only taking lexapro and loestrin.	"i'd been on lexapro for about a year. my nephew (national guardsman) was killed 

in afghanistan... horrible details... negated good results of lexapro, so doctor prescribed wellbutrin/ generic bupropion. i tried to wean myself off of lexapro last month, but original panic attacks returned, so am back to the combination. am experiencing good effects."
	It was beneficial for alleviating nervousness and feelings of anxiety. I took one half tablet or a full tablet depending upon how anxious or nervous I was feeling. If particularly anxious/nervous sometimes I took one tablet plus a half. I didn't take this medication on a daily basis, but only when I was going to be involved in a nerve wracking experience.	This medication was prescribed to calm feelings of anxiety and nervousness that I experienced in certain social situations.
	slight lightening of dark spots. there was really no benefit beyond this.  seems like a waste of time and in fact, just regularly applying sunscreen seems to do a better job of lightening the spots	applied light amount once a day at night before bed
	Helps with concentration and staying focused. Helps to keep me from being hyperactive and fidgety and helps with memory to an extent.	I was diagnosed with ADD three years ago. Have tried several different prescriptions and found the best results from Adderall and Vyvanse.
	The treatment benefits of taking Provera were very good. I had very irregular menses that lasted for long periods of time.  By taking the Provera day 15-26 of my cycle my periods began to normalize and become regular again.	On day 15 of my cycle I took the Provera 10 mg for 12 days and then stopped to promote a period.  It took a couple of cycles for this to become effective, but utilizing the drug in this manner did take care of the problem of irregular bleeding in between periods.
	Upon first taking the medication it significantly reduced my hunger almost to the point that I had to remind myself to eat during the day.  It also gave me alot of energy so working out didn't seem like such a chore anymore.  I felt more refreshed and awake in the morning instead of wanting to hit the snooze button over and over.	First I had to fill out a patient questionaire & submit blood for some blood work that was required.  I was prescribed to take one pill after breakfast in the morning. I also went in for weekly weigh ins and measurements.   They also gave me some vitamins to take along with the phentermine but I did not take those since I hate having to take any kind of pills.  Overall I am very happy with the results achieved from taking phentermine and occasionally take them when I feel myself getting off track again.
	Seroquel provides a good night sleep, which is very important for mood stabilization. It also helps to calm, and smooth over the rough spots of daily living, while not robbing you of your personality, ie, you still feel like yourself, just calmer.	Seroquel at night for sleep and mood stabilization
	The treatment benefits was a minimal weight loss, but not nearly as much as I expected.	I think is a good medication if you follow a good planned diet, but don't expect to loose too much weight if you only take the pill and don't cut your calories or exercise more often.
	Helped with sleep. Could reduce valium, trazadone without withdrawal symptoms	Was looking for another drug without as much addiction potential for life long sleep disorder. Found this through a friend, there are posts on the internet about it, also used for addictions off label. My MD agreed to try it.
	Eliminated nicotine cravings and made smoking cessation very easy.	I set my quit date for 1 week after I started taking the medication, but did not get discouraged when I was unable to meet that goal because I noticed a drastic decrease in my cravings and knew that I could eventually beat this addiction with the help of Chantix. I reset my quit day for 1 week beyond my original date and by my second quit date, I was no longer craving a cigarette. I was able to quit smoking after only 2 weeks on the medication. I no longer craved one when I woke up, after I ate or when I got in my car. It was amazing and I like to call this my little miracle drug. =)
	After the first two shots I had no more periods until after being off Depo Provera for nearly 3 months. Also I didn't get pregnant, which was the goal. Before getting on birth control I had been a very moody person, fighting often with people who were important to me and whom I really didn't want to fight. On the shot I still had mood swings but they were not nearly as strong.	I'd visit the doctor's office once a month. At my original clinic, I would simply walk in and a nurse would inject me; after we moved to another state I learned I would have to wait 1.5-2 hours for a doctor to see and inject me, even with an appointment it could take a while. Once I had received it though I was good to go for 3 more months.
	So far so good. Will know more after six month mark when x-rays are taken to see if pockets are closing. One area that was highly inflamed before the deep cleaning appears to be healing well. No inflammation there and more pink as opposed to the red color it was before.	one year low-dose doxycycline. About five months into the treatment.
	"Suboxone is beneficial for two reasons:



1) It eliminated the opiate withdrawal when I was kicking my original drug of choice.



2) As a maintenance drug, Suboxone eliminates the cravings that I would normally have for opioids, as well as blocks the effects of agonist opioids (Heroin, Oxycodone, etc.) so that there is no temptation to take these drugs.



Instead of struggling every day to avoid taking opioid drugs (and all of the terrible thing that come with being in active addiction) I can take Suboxone and move on with life. 



Suboxone may have quite literally saved my life."	"I am a drug addict, and although I went to rehab to get off of opiate drugs I just couldn't seem to stop. So I went on Suboxone, which is a new alternative to Methadone treatment.



While Methadone is a normal agonist opioid ('agonist' means it gets use high) it can be dispensed to drug addicts to keep them from withdrawing from their drug of choice because the Methadone lasts so long. But Methadone must be taken every day at a clinic and cannot be taken home, addicts can STILL use drugs while on Methadone if they choose too, it is EXTREMELY difficult to get off of, and Methadone still gets users high.



Suboxone is a great alternative because it can be prescribed and bought at the pharmacy so you can take it at home, it takes care of your drug cravings but it doesn't get you high (not exactly, anyways, but it does satisfy the Opiate Receptors enough) and it's really not all THAT hard to get off of if you must (the withdrawals are are VERY manageable)."
	Reduced AM fasting glucose	Patient had almost all the markers for Metabolic Syndrome X / Insulin Resistance.  Physician decided that Metformin might be help the Syndome X, plus it would have the added benefit of keeping patients slightly elevated morning blood glucose levels more stable.  It is not clear that the drugs had a large effect on most of the Syndrome X symptoms, however patient has been on the drug for 8 years and it reduced the AM blood glucose levels to a normal level.
	It allowed me to feel good enough to ignore and not be bothered by persistent thoughts and anxiety that I could not ignore before. Basically it leveled me out, where the anxiety didn't affect me anymore.	I've dealt with anxiety since I was a kid as well as obsessive thinking.  It continued to build until I was 17 and I had a major panic attack, which I could not calm down from.  My psychiatrist put me on Paxil CR and I worked up to 25 mg.  The dosage made a big difference, though I still had moderate levels of anxiety, but I could function.  About a year and a half ago I was hit with another major attack that send me into a relapse for about 2-3 months, then I upped my dosage to 37.5 mg and within a week I felt fine, even better than I felt before.  Now a year and a half later, I found myself in another relapse and after a week I released that all this time I was not at a high enough dosage because my anxiety and obsessive thoughts would still creep in and cause me distress.  So my psychiatrist agreed that I was not at my ideal dosage and I am now taking two 25 mg in the morning which equals 50 mg, which is still a fairly moderate dosage considering other patients that were on 80 to even 120 mg.  I just started taking it, so I should start feeling even better within about a week or two.  I've accepted that I may need to be on this for the long haul, which is fine.  I look at is as nutrition for the brain, or like taking insulin for diabetes, it allows me function and enjoy life.
	My symptoms of depression were eased considerably.  I felt more like myself and began to take pleasure in activities. I stopped feeling sad and crying. I was able to concentrate again.  My appetite returned and my sleep patterns normalized.	I began taking Effexor XR when I was severely depressed. I took it once a day for approximately five years.  My symptoms included crying, lack of interest in life, inability to concentrate, loss of appetite, and sleeping more than usuual. I could barely get out of bed and I could not function. Within two weeks of beginning treatment with Effoxor, I began to feel take more of an interest in normal activities and was able to eat and sleep normally.
	the prevacid allows me to eat and drink certain foods/fluids that I normally could not tolerate anymore without great discomfort i.e. spicy foods, coffee, chocolate, tomato products, and alcholic drinks, which I only drink occassionally such as red wine.  If I skip the prevacid for any reason, I almost certainly will be very uncomfortable.	I have been on prevacid for approximately 6 years as a a prophylactic against the pre-barretts.  I have tried to slowly come off the drug (it is the only one I use) but I would venture to guess that unless I changed my diet significantly, this is not going to happen.
	"I very mildly scratched my left ankle (right on the protruding bone) while snorkeling in the ocean. 

The abrasion was so small that I didn't do any first aid other than wash the area off when showering.

Over the next 3 days the are became inflamed and I began to apply antibiotic powder to try to dry the inflamed area.

On the 4th morning the tiny scratch had developed to the point were the abrasion was an oozing sore about the size of a quarter and my foot was red and swollen making it impossible to put on a shoe.

I immediately went to a local doctor who prescribed amoxilin tablets.

The drug was very effective and the effects could be felt within 24 hours."	"I was given a 3 day prescription which is the reason I am submitting this report. 

I believe antibiotics should be prescribed in a course of 7 - 10 days. 

This practice as far as I know was very popular in Hong Kong and it still might be general practice.

In my case I did not want to return to the doctors office and be charged again for another consultation + purchase additional amoxilin as I was not covered by medical insurance at that time.

Instead I went to a local pharmacy with the package of antibiotics I received from the doctors office and asked if I could buy 12 tablets. They were more than happy to sell them to me (at a fraction of the cost I paid at the doctors office) and I followed through with a 7 day course.

The results were very positive and within 24 hours I could feel relief and I knew that the infection was being affected by the amoxilin. By the 3rd day the swelling was greatly reduced and other than a nasty wound on my ankle bone I felt very good. I continued the remaining 4 days and besides a scar on my ankle at the site of the infection I completely recovered."
	My daughter suffered from an outbreak of painful skin boils on her lower back and stomach, probably 6 total over a few weeks.  They would heal individually after draining (also painful) but more would continually form.  The doctor diagnosed them as caused by MRSA and prescribed Septra along with daily washes with hibiclens soap.  It took 5 days for one very large, undrained boil to heal, but it did heal without draining.  More importantly, the boils stopped forming.	She was given an oral suspension (8 mg/mL trimethoprim and 40 mg/mL sulfamethoxazole) of which she needed to take 7 mLs 2 times a day for 10 days.  She took it once in the morning after breakfast, and once before bed.
	'Was diagnosed with H1N1 and was ill for at little past 3 weeks.  My doctor gave me a prescription for Tamiflu (2 x day for 5 days) on the 3rd day after becoming rapidly ill (onset of high fever -- temp went from 102.8 to 103.2 pretty fast).  Within a few minutes (15 - 20?) after taking it, I noticed I would feel better, and I'd start coughing up mucus from the lungs.  The feeling wore off after a few hours.  I was able to complete the full 5-day course.	Prescribed Tamiflu for 5 days (one capsule twice daily).  Couldn't do anything buy just lay there.  Tried to make myself drink liquids and eat something (when I could start eating).
	Reduction of pain and inflammation.	Self administration PRN for joint pain, inflammation.
	The quality of sleep is better that ohter drugs i've taken is the only benefit I  find.  I tried to taper off of it and fould it very difficult the lowest doesage i can take is 100mg.  a little drowsy in the morning but after a couple of cups of coffee im fine.	My advise: have a sleep study done to make sure its a psych. issue instead of a medical issue because i also suffer from sleep apnea and  now use a CPAP
	Significantly decreased depression and suicidality, improved sleep, more stable moods and increased energy.	At 15mg patient is able to feel emotions and manage minimal depressive symptoms while undergoing accompanying psychotherapy treatment.
	Minimized pigmentation. Some of my acne scar has faded but some still remain.	once a day at night time for a period of 3 month. I wear sunscreen every day. However, I have stopped using it after reading the reports that it has harmful side effects in the long term.
	lessening of nerve pain, decrease in depression. Medication will be increased as nessesary. Decrease in parathesis, shaking. Exercise is needed to truly relieve pain. Water based therapy can definetely add to releif from pain. Depression medication helps, relieving the other symptoms, and can increase sleep. In general all treatments, Lyrica, anti-depressants, muscle relaxers and exercise program (including stretching, weight-resistance, aerobic and endurance training and water excerises - this should be followed religiously) combined contribute to relieving pain, depression, control weight gain, and give patient back some resemblance of a normal live.	exercise, stretching, ect, see above
	this drug will make a migriane sufferer inot a real believer in modern medicine--it really gets rid of the headache and allows you to live. I could not be more positive	take a pill --headache goes away in half an hour or less---if you are very tuned in and take it a the first twinge youcan avoid the headache totally
	After I built up a tolerance, I had little peeling when I applied it only once a day. Used in combination with Erthyrom. caplets (and also topical, used occasionally), I have been able to control deep acne cysts. While the Erthyrom. is probably the major factor, the Retin-A is a good addition.	I use once at night. Because I have built up a tolerance, I have no adverse side effects. If I do have occasional peeling, I remove/stimulate it with a Buff Puff.
	I got pregnant.	One of the cycles yielded like 3-4 good follicles which I thought were too much but took the risk anyway. Puregon is very easy and PLEASANT to use, nothing I had expected. It is very straight forward, or "Idiot Proof". Did not hurt did not burn.
	Had surgery on my neck, the lortab reduce the pain.The lortab help relieve th pain upto eight hours so I did not need to take as many pills to find release. This is a good thing because I do not like pills.  This medication helped tremedously.	take one to two tablets by mouth every 8 hours as needed for pain.
	While standing, my legs were fine, but aching, cramping legs were keeping me from getting any sleep.  My doctor suggested I try Requip, and its been the best thing I have done.	I take Requip about 1-1/2 to 2 hours before bedtime.  It permits relaxation of legs so I can sleep.
	Differin took several months to take effect and initially seemed to make breakouts worse. After using for some time, however, breakouts ceased and skin became nearly acne-free,	Applied Differin to skin in the evening, most evenings for several years. Acne was improved after a period of 3-4 months. Treatment contiued for a period of several years.
	I originally began this treatment for acne and I'm still in the process of my acne treatments. However, after a little over two weeks of treatment and seeing an improvement in my skin, I went in for a pap smear and found out that I have asymptomatic chlamydia. I was prescribed 1 gram of Azithromycin and while doing my research found out that the exact same dosage I've been taking of doxycycline for 1-2 weeks is considered an effective way of treating chlamydia, but clearly that did not work for me.	So far my acne has improved. I'm hoping it goes away, my main message is to point out it did not treat my chlamydia.
	My hair loss was stopped and I eventually grew new hair at the hairline and where the hair had receded on the side. I do not know if it affected my crown.	I have to take 1mg/day to stop hair loss. I did not notice results until recently after having taken it for 6 months and I am hoping to notice even more once I have been on it for a year.
	I took it before bed, and it helped me get to sleep. It also helped me cope during a difficult time emotionally.	Ongoing treatment for several years with 50 mg at bedtime.
	Elminated 95% of Migraines/Headaches!	My insurance covers it like a normal RX, but it only comes with 10 pills for the duration, but still worth every penny. I have tried ALL KINDS of other migraine meds, with absolutely no success. Zomig was my last hope without seeing a specialist (again) and trying combos of meds. Over the past several months, it has cured almost all of my migraines (it doesn't help sinus headaches, but does help alcohol induced headaches-I get them even after one glass of wine). The  are completely tolerable considering I'm only sacrificing 1 hour, at most now, as opposed to 1-2 days. I can be a real person again!!!
	Benefits were the prevention of pregnancy, regular periods, shorter periods, and less intense pms symptoms.  My breasts went from a full C cup to a full D cup!  I'm on lexapro so that might be the reason i didn't experience really bad mood swings or any depression like some people said they have.  Nothing really changed other than that and it's great to know when i will get my period.	I take the sunday start pills everyday in the afternoon.
	lowering of intraocular  pressure /keeping it under control	"My juvenile/pigmentary (open angle) glaucoma was diagnosed when I was 26 in 1989 (my mother also had it). I was prescribed 2 kinds of eye drops which were effective for some time, but after a while, they couldn't control the intraocular pressure in my left eye, so I had to undergo a trabeculectomy in 1992.

Now I put drops only in my right eye (Cosopt 2 times a day and Xalatan once a day before I go to sleep). My eye pressure has been under control ever since."
	"The symptoms and mal feelings of my prostate disapeared - but not completely (perhaps 70% of the Problems disapeared).

Sexual Funktion and feelings of prostate improved remarkable.



(Only 70% of improvement perhaps my personal problems were not solved with Ibuprofen - and such problem put a lot of stress on prostata in some men)"	"I had a bakterial prostatitis in the winter (likely from a combination of psychological and personal stress, bike riding in very cold conditions).

But also before the bacterial prostatitis I had a very sensitiv Prostate and often sensual problems.

The first 12 days after diagnosis I had to take Doxycyclin antibioticum (tetracycline) and 600mg Ibuprofen two times a day.

After the inicial 12 days I had to continue with Ibuprofen for about 5 weeks."
	In addition to quickly resolving Bronchitis, asthma improved significantly. Better breathing than I've had in months (prior to bronchitis). Had horrible coughing spasms that caused me to vomit phlegm and almost strangle (several times). Cough and throat irritation diappeared within 2 hours of first dose of Biaxin.	Simply take a pill twice a day, for 10 days
	Accutane cleared up my skin immediately. During the first month, there was no noticeable change, but after about 5 weeks, my acne slowly disappeared and has not come back.	With breakfast and dinner, every day, I would take a 40mg pill of Accutane. Every month, i would have my blood taken to check for liver function and overall heath, and a check-up with my dermatologist as well. Easy to do, and fantastic results.
	The benefits helped "curb" the pain.	Initially there was relief with this medication more so than later (approx. 8 months).  I found myself addicted and unable to get off this medication without suffering side affects.  Irritability, sweating, diahrea, confusion and feeling sick to my stomach.
	I would get heart palpitations and major stress hours before my ex would come and pick up our daughter for visits; I also had difficulty sleeping if I had to deal with any issues with him; I would take one of these pills, only if I felt I needed and sometimes an hour before he would pick her up, and I would feel much calmer.  It was a life saver for  me until I got through the emotional upset and was able to detach.	I was on a very small dose.  And I only took this when I felt I needed it.  It was a life saver and kept my body from experiencing intense stress like shaking, heart palpitations, and emotional upset.  It did not change my mood.  It only controlled the negative physical effect that I was allowing this person to have on me.
	the overall experience was positive, with little to no side effects, blood pressure medicine dropping blood pressure from 180/100 to 117/70 in 3 months.  lower blood pressure prevents heart disease and risk of stroke or other ailments associated with hypertension.	taken in combinatino with a 4 mg water pill every morning, once a day at same time every day.
	no a.m. headaches	took away morning headaches until I was able to get a better handle on my migraines.
	Taking the medicine was only once a day at the time I chose to take it. It helped me most during stressed situations of any size. I could handle anything and not get angry.	I take Cymbalta for depression and anxiety. Right away I noticed a difference in my behavior. It took awhile for them to even out, so I didn't rely on my next dose.
	Significant reduction in the amount of pain that patient had on a daily basis.  Pain was not only lessened by time it was felt was lessened as well	Take the protonix one time daily with 1 tab naproxen.  Also take another tab of naproxen 12 hours later.
	decrease in moodiness, irritability, cessation of depression/dysthymia related symptoms.	Prescribed this drug for treatment of a physiological/neurological condition causing a decrease in various neurochemicals, which resulted in chronic dysthymia (low grade depressive disorder).  Treatment was not accompanied by any level of counseling or behavioral modification, and was highly successful.
	moderate eyelashn growth  but no change in eyelash color	I have been using this product for over a year for every nother day.  My lash fullness and increased length  has stabilized with no iris darkening ( I have green eyes)
	Made me sleepy enough to shut down and go to bed, although it typically still took  me hours to get to sleep. The sleep that I got from this medication was deep and refreshing.	I have had insomnia for as long as I can remember, as it is a symptom of my illness. I usually go to bed around 7 AM if at all, and I don't mind it usually, except when I have responsibilities the next day and I am unable to fulfill obligations due to exhaustion. The first few times I tried Ambien, my doctor prescribed me Ambien CR which is extended-release.. I was taking the 12.5 milligrams. This medication gave me extremely bad headaches and didn't really affect my sleeping pattern. I went back and asked her to prescribe me another dosage, and she gave me the lower 10 mg dosage, not extended release. This dosage makes me feel very groggy at night, and a little drugged out. I have noticed dependency issues developing with it, even in my short time taking it.
	"I have a recurring sinus problem wherein my nasal passages get blocked and throat and vocals are affected.

This is aggravated by my smoking as well."	"As mentioned,I have a recurring sinus problem wherein my nasal passages get blocked and throat and vocals are affected.

This is aggravated by my smoking as well.

I started taking allegra and saw that my condition improved slowly but steadily over the course of two weeks and by the end of that time period i was back to normal. The only noticeable side effects experienced by me were more sleep and drowsiness at times."
	after one year of taking this drug pregnancy was acheived via IVF and successfully carried to term with help of blood thinner heparin	i was treated for secondary infertility, after evaluation doctor suggested insulin resistance and put me on metformin. while on metformin my perids become 28 days appart.
	It cleared up my coughing within 2 days.  I could sleep far better at night.	I was told by my doctor to take the medication once a day for about 5 days.  The best results came within 2 days, and seemed to plateau after that.  I requested another prescription so I ended up taking it for about 2 weeks, but I seemed to see little improvement during the 2nd prescription.  It was probably because the bacteria was kept under control, but my body was taking time to heal.
	The Lumigan made my lashes grown longer and thicker. I didn't need to use as much mascara.	I put a drop of lumigan on an upside down teacup. Then I applied lumigan with a very fine artists type paintbrush. I would paint a thin line just above the lashes on top and just below the lashes on bottom. I would then use the remainder on my eyebrows. After about 6 weeks I noticed my lashes were longer and thicker. I washed the paintbrush carefully after each use and was careful to keep the line thin. After the first week, I began to use it every other night.
	lightning of dark pigments	Applied once at night as directed.  Applied sunscreen in morning of SPF 30.  Some dark pigmentation was lightened significantly but some places didn't lighten enough to go unnoticed.  Acne was not helped, suprisingly, but the treatment did not make it worse either. Overall skin appearance looked more uniform.
	when the drug actually kicked in, after about 10 days as i recall, it was an amazing experience.I got out of bed and was walking to the bathroom to shower. I was whistling!!!I stopped and thought, hey whats going on here. I realized I felt great, like a heavy weight had been lifted from my shoulders. I felt better than i had felt for a hell of a long time. Never forget it, a fantastic feeling.Truly helped me to cope with the stress of business and relationships.I have recommended it two occasions both had a similar experience to my own.	not sure what you mean by this. Was in relationship counceling and the psycologist suggested I was depressed as well as stressed. she suggested citalopram. saw my gp who prescribed it. never looked back. I did slide back in to depression a couple of years after first taking the drug but recognised the symptoms and got another script from my doctor with the same positive results.
	It works very well for anxiety. As for depression, it works but when I get into an episode of MAJOR depression, it seems to be somewhat ineffective at those times.	When one of my past psychiatrists tried to get me off of Zoloft, I was okay for a while, but then after a month or so I developed considerable anxiety and depression and had to get back on Zoloft for that to subside. In other words... Zoloft is highly addictive when you have considerable anxiety/depression.
	treated the insomnia effectively.	take one as needed for insomnia. I took it every night. When it was gone, I discontinued use, as I felt that I was becoming dependent on this product.
	BP running normal - no seizure activity - cholesterol good	Details - I take all meds in the am.  I have had no drowsiness symptoms so it is easier to remember to take all meds following breakfast
	Restored me from total incapacitation to a full function.	I had my first episode of incapacitating dizziness, vertigo, nausea and vomiting in about 1972. I was a practicing Orthopedic Surgeon at the time. I was bed, flat on my back for about two weeks, when a fellow M.D. prescribed meclizine for me. Within a few days I was back at work, fully functional.  Since then I have ad about three significant episodes of acute dizzy, nausea and vertigo.  Each as been less severe.  At the onset I take as many 50 mg meclizine tablets as I need to stop the process in its tracks. That can be up to 6 to 8 tabloids.   Once the ephisode passes, usually in a fe days, I go back to my routine of one tablet at night. This drug has been a true godsend for me.
	Reduced panic attacks, in combination with Lexpro. Particularly effective when taken an hour before panic inducing situations, such as flying.	Take Xanax an hour before an anxiety inducing situation, or at night to reduce panic/anxiety attacks until the Lexpro kicked in (about a month). After taking Lexpro for several weeks, the Xanax was no longer necessary.
	Reduced redness of complexion; reduction in overall inflammation of skin; reduced breakouts of acne.	One 90 mg. sustained-release tablet taken once daily at any time of day with or without food.
	It is extremely, powerful antibiotic, which give immediate effect with in two hours.	500 mg of azithromycin once in a day...for three days gives total recovery from sinusitis.
	Density of hair was maintained and some hair regrowth that was noticeable by others. It was used in conjunction with Minoxidil, which I had been using for a year or so.	The prescription was to take a tablet twice a day. I felt more comfortable taking it once  a day instead.
	Lessening of suicidal ideation and an increased ability to complete daily life tasks.	This drug resulted in an unanticipated weightloss of over 20lbs - I went from 128 to 108 lbs. The weight loss decresed the incidences of bulimia. The drug was effective in that I no longer felt depressed per se, but then I didn't feel much of anything. Any combination with alcohol should be avioded - majorly increases its effects!
	There were no benefits as the sniffling, dripping, coughing continued even on the medicine.	Perscribed to help with the following symptoms: drippy nose, sinus congestion, post nasal drip, coughing, and sneezing. Medicine was taken as directed with no real help. The only side effect was being a little dry.
	This medication enabled me to think clearly.  My thought processes were more coherent.  It assisted me in concentrating and therefore I was able to complete tasks --- finally had follow-thru! I was able to manage my time better.	n/a
	None	I have a prescription for albuterol for sports related asthma. I usually get the Proair inhaler but the pharmacist insisted this was the same and gave it to me. The first day I had it, I went for a run. As usual, about 10 minutes in my chest begins to tighten and I cannot breath. I took a puff of the Ventolin HFA inhaler. No effect. I stopped running. I took another puff. No effect. Still cannot breath. I am now bent over with my hands on my knees struggling to intake air. I took several more puffs from the inhaler. No effect. I am now struggling to remain conscious, I am getting light headed and everything in my vision is pale. I begin to lay on my back, taking a few more puffs of the inhaler. No effect. My throat is now beginning to seize from the sheer force it takes to inhale tablespoon-sized breaths. I have a headache and hear a high pitched whining. I try several more puffs of my inhaler. No effect. I lay on the ground doing controlled breathing for several minutes. I tried a puff of Ventolin HFA here and there with no effect, so I gave it up. I'm laying wondering if this is my last day on Earth. About 15 minutes of pure agony later I catch my breath slightly. I now have an enormous headache and am dizzy. I get to my feet and start to walk toward my apartment (across the street). Along the way, my chest seizes up a couple more times, and a couple more times I use the inhaler. No effect. I now have to wait another month before I can afford a ProAir inhaler before I can even exercise again. I think Ventolin is for underdeveloped little kids who think they have asthma but actually don't. I have real asthma and this stuff almost killed me. The puff that comes out of it is nearly invisible, the puff from a Proair inhaler is actually noticeable and...a 'puff'--about 15x more comes from the Proair compared to the Ventolin. Even waking up in the morning, the slight tightness I have then, Ventolin does nothing for. My girlfriend doesn't understand why I wheeze before AND AFTER I use the Ventolin. Well, it's because it doesn't work for me--in fact, it almost killed me. Everything in this story is true, but I may have taken more puffs from the inhaler than I listed...any ?'s feel free to contact me: thecrookfromthebrook at yahoo.com. Thank you and take care.
	I have rhinitis almost all year long. Usually it gets worse in the cold season. I have tried many other medicines, but they either have too much side effect, or don???t work for me at all. This nasal spray clears the congestion in 10 minutes, doesn't last for the whole night, but the pretty pleasant smell make me feel good.	I started using it right before last Christmas, hoping to get better before the holiday. It cleared the congestion for the a few hour after the first time I used it. I keep using it twice a day. for about five days and my nose became much less stuffy and less runny. I didn't completely treat my rhinitis, but I could sleep better. I am happy with the result.
	got rid of migraine pretty quickly, in about half an hour, but was not as good as imitrex, the brand name. Imitrex would get rid of the migraine more quickly and more completely.   There would be times, perhaps one out of three, where I would  consider taking two of the 50 mg sumatriptans	I take sumatriptan at the onset of a migraine.   It works best if I am just beginning to notice the pain over my eye.
	Pain is now under control to some degree.  Still have pain throughout body and down legs.  Before the medication I would not be able to get out of bed for sometimes days.  Even when I could get out of bed I would not be able to sit up or walk for more than 30 minutes before I had to lay down.  Now I am able to be up all day, walk and sit up for more than 3-4 hours at a time.	Switch from Percocet to Lortab every 3 months.
	Pentasa seems to be an effective anti-inflammatory drug, minimizing pain in my intestines/colon.  I have been close to remission for a couple of years now, and I attribute it primarily to the Pentasa.	Twelve years ago I became ill with what was diagnosed two years later (!) as Crohn's disease.  I have used a variety of medications, ranging from more serious drugs (Prednisone, Remicade)to less "harmful" drugs (Metronidazole, Ciprofloxacin, Asacol, etc.). I have been on the Pentasa for about 8 years, during which time I was using Purinethol for several years.  A year or so ago I weaned myself off of the Purinethol and remained on the highest dose of Pentasa for my weight, and I am doing well (knock on wood).  I have constipation issues as opposed to my previous diarrhea problems, which may be attributable to the Pentasa, and is manageable through diet and over-the-counter aids.
	I feel that the citalopram helps keep me calm. I no longer have mood swings as often. No longer feel the need to just stay at home bymyself. No longer want to leave work because of depressed moods.	I started taking 20mg pills for a few months. I noticed that it would feel as though it was wearing off by 7pm or so. My doctor prescribed me up to 30mg for a week and then to 40mg for the rest of the month. Things seem better than on the 20mg. However I still get depressed at times and nothing seems to ever go right. Perhaps therapy will help which my doctor mentioned. Going to continue on the 40mg for a few more months and see if it helps if not I will make another apt at the doctor and see what she thinks weather we want to try and up the dose or try something different.
	Highly motivated vs my previous state of, "why do I get up in the morning"? Nothing upset me- even something that would put down a generally happy person.	Went off of it once I felt better- I have been off of it for about 6 months and feel good still.
	stopped sneezing runny nose and other allergic symptoms.effecive for common cold and fever if given in the begning of the disease.can be taken till the sputum changes the color to yellow.can be taken till transparent sputum or discharge from nose.result is very quick (within some hours after taking the tablet)	i was a person with sinusitis due to allergy.if i happen to take dusty book or something i used to sneeze a lot then get fever and eventually nasalblockage.i used totake antibiotics every now and then.later doctor toldme to take cetirizine once or twice a day when the symtoms start.i took the medicine and the symtoms disappeared within some hours.now i am no more taking antibiotics as my allegy doesnt lead to sinusitis or fever.
	Climara patch almost completely stopped the severe hot flashes and severe vaginal dryness. It also has improved skin tone and elasticity, moderated mood, improved sleep (by decreasing hot flash frequency). The side-effect of pain in liver area from estradiol by mouth has gone away using a dermal patch.	After being miserable with frequent (20+ times/day, 7-10 times/night) and severe hot flashes (sometimes like a sudden sunburn, skin turning red and burning) for a number of years, I went on hormone replacement therapy. Estrogen by mouth had more side effects, so I went on the patch, which I have to change only once a week. The recommended accompanying treatment of progesterone caused more problems than the estrogen: a combination patch which is available is more convenient, but I found by trying it that progesterone really aggravates my IBS symptoms. To lessen that effect, I went on an estrogen-only patch and use a separate progesterone only 7 days/month. This is currently making me have periods again, not a fun thing, but I feel much better overall because my IBS symptoms are much less severe and less frequent.
	The medicine has stopped her wetting both day and night and worked within a week of her taking it. She is over the moon and so am I!	She has had 4 years of bladder infections and has had various scans and tests. I think that she has never been able to read the signals from her bladder properly due to all the infections. This medicine which was prescribed by the dr on a trial basis seems to be working well. We will try to wean her off it slowly after a little while
	When I began taking Tramadol I had severe Arthritis pain and could not sleep more than 3 hours a night. Tramadol relieves the pain without making you feel drugged up. I had to take up to 6 tylenol or 4 ibuprofens and it still did not touch the pain.	I take 2-4 Trmadol daily for my arthritis pain. Always 1 before bed and one upon waking if I begibn to feel pain during the day I may take another. my blood levels are monitored every 6 months to make sure there is no liver damage from this and/or the Ibuprofen I take.
	a feeling of caring but not really caring. I feel like i become emotionally involved to deeply and this drug has kept me on the "surface" for lack of a better term.	30mg once a day for 2 weeks, then 60mg
	Reduced symptoms of acid reflux	The insurance company no longer covered Protonix, but substituted Omeprazole. It is not as effective at reducing episodes of acid reflux as Protonix, and the dose had to be doubled to approach the same level of efficacy.
	I believe that I suffered from depression my whole life.  I feel like the first years of my life would have been very different if I had some treatment for my feelings.  My whole family would agree that I am much much happier and have a feeling of peace in my life.	I'm not sure what you mean by "treatment details" but I saw a psycotherapist for several months and she prescribed the paxil and ok'd the paroxetine.  I share my treatment with anyone because I think that depression is not the best descriptive word for what was troubeling me.  Thanks for your work!
	I took alprazolam for 2 months for extreme anxiety/depression. It did work considerably in the beginning, however I would occasionally sleep the day away if taken in the morning. I would wake up from naps with a terrible disposition. It did work considerably for anxiety, initially, but it's very easy to self medicate and take considerably higher dosages then prescribed. In retrospect, I shouldn't have taken the medication because I was already on a medication to come off of opiates, because I have an addictive personality. I discussed this with my Dr. and he told me that alprazolam with suboxone worked well together. I later found out that the two drugs were dangerous to take together because of the potential of respiratory depression. Also, I've found out that benzodiazepines, especially alprazolam can be very addictive, which can have much worse withdrawal than any opiate. I think alprazolam can be a very useful medication if taken as prescribed and only taken on a prn basis. I don't believe there are any instances where alprazolam should be taken twice a day, unless you have signs of extreme anxiety all day, every day. If you have an addictive personality like myself, I think if you consider alprazolam at all, it should be used very judiciously. But exhaust other alternatives to alprazolam, like buspar, which has no addiction potential, however, I think it tends to be pretty much useless unless taken in high dosages. I suggest talking to two or more dr.s before initiating a regimen. I only say this because I know what alprazolam withdrawal entails, and there are VERY unpleasant side effects, which can be life-threatening. Also, alprazolam isn't effective for very long. It is really only good for extreme panic attacks and helps quickly, then it loses its effect within approx. 2 hours. I will also say gladly, that I have known people who have taken alprazolam for several years and only for extreme panic attacks, and none of them have developed a dependency on them. The bottom line is you know you're propensity to addiction. Use your own common sense and if prescribed, have the dr. start you on .25mg., the lowest dose, and you should see a great difference in your anxiety, especially if your body is not accustomed to benzodiazepines. Best of luck.	I was started at .5mg, the second strength of dosage, 2 times daily. I became afraid of it because I was taking it to calm me from coming down off opiates, however, I was already on a medication to stop me from taking opiates, which was actually not supposed to be taken with alprazolam because of concerns that both medicines cause respiratory depression.
	Treatment benefits were the cessation of allergy symptoms such as itchy eyes, itchy ears, itchy throat, sneezing, nasal drip, congestion and borderline asthma; however, during high allergy season, the regular dosage was insufficient, the beneficial effects lasting only about 12 hours, instead of the intended 24.  Then it was required twice daily to relieve symptoms described above.	Treatment details included, at first, a dosage first thing every morning, around 6am. During moderate allergy season, this lasted me until the following morning, but as soon as I got up at 6, symptoms came on full strength.  The Allegra did not take effect for an hour and a half.  So I started waking up at 5 to take it then, so that as I prepared for work I was able to do so without runny eyes, nose, etc.  But during the heavy allergy season (dogwood), I would take one at 5am and one at 6pm.  Within two weeks the side effects had me back to my regular dosage.
	Motivates, keeps me focused and helps me stay calm and alert in the same time.  Not as noticeable as stimulants but more steady, no ups and downs, and it works round the clock reducing the rebound from when Concerta wears off after approx 10 hours. Stabilizing effect on the mood too.	Only been on Wellbutrin for three weeks and already feel a difference in my ADHD symptoms. Been on Concerta for years, but needed a drug working round the clock.
	Fistula is considerable reduced. Almost healed. Fluid developing in the fistula is also healed. Frequency of stool passing is also reduced to twice a day.	"All three doses given through NS (IV). Before given Remicade, Injection efcorlin (Hydrocortisone sodium succinate) were given every time.



Ist dose given for ten minutes and waited for any reaction. No adverse effects were noticed. Then it was completed in 6 Hrs.



IInd dose was given on 2nd week. This dose was completed in 3 Hrs.



IIIrd dose was given on 6th week. This dose was also completed in 3 Hrs."
	Skin became smoother, fewer breakouts	I use the retin a every night as needed if there is a breakout for about 4 weeks.
	Able to sleep throughout the night without waking up, not groggy in the morning.	"I take 50 mg at night 1/2 hour to 1 hour before I want to go to sleep. I stay asleep and don't wake up every hour like I did before starting it. I feel refreshed in the morning. 



It does make my mouth pretty dry, especially first thing in the morning. I also have dry eyes I believe as a result of taking trazodone and it makes it difficult to wear contacts because of the dryness."
	My total serum cholesterol dropped from 280 to 198, LDL dropped from 225 to 122, HDL increased from 38 to 57. My triglycerides were already low due to a strict low-carb diet. My blood pressure was already low (104/70) due to verapamil therapy to prevent cluster headaches, and has remained low. I experienced no serum increases in liver enzymes, urea, or sugar.	I observe a strict Atkins Diet, with regular supplements of a good iron-free multivitamin, calcium citrate-malate, fish oil, glucosamine/chondroitin and coenzyme Q-10. Liberal use of Morton Lite Salt provides good potassium supplementation. I also use a psyllium-husk fiber supplement to consume  7g of soluable fiber daily in 3 doses, which by itself had significantly lowered my LDL and total cholesterol prior to commencing Niaspan ER therapy. I've been exercising on an elliptical ski machine for 30 mins twice per day, burning  1000 calories, and have lost  50 lbs over the last six months.
	Increased hair growth in the thinning areas on the head, making the hair look fuller. I also experienced less hair falling out.	1 mg pill taken daily for hair loss on the crown of the head. I later changed doctors and instead of prescribing Propecia he gave me Proscar 5mg, which i was able to take one-fourth of the tablet and save about $60.00 a month.
	Within a couple of weeks, intrusive thoughts of suicide abated.  Over the next few weeks mood lifted some.  At the time I started I was desperate & hopeless was quite surprised it helped as much as it did without usual side ffects of anti depressants-sexual sidew effects & weight gain.  Didn't cure depression but definitely helped severe suicidality.  And I'm against anti-depressants as 1st run for treating mood disorders but there is a place for them when exercise, sprirtual practice, good nutrition & life balance not enough-but these life practices absolutely indispensible for any health issue esp. Mood disorders.	Take 300 mg wellbutrin xr daily in morning, eat healthy whole foods, exercise-outdoors as much as possible, prayer; meditation, yoga, get rest, restructure negative beliefs into positive beliefs-cognitive & spiritual approaches
	A considerable decline in the occurrence of new spots accompanied treatment. The acne has been practically eliminated if a good cleansing routine is maintained. Red marks have faded. Blackheads have cleared up. The overall result is clearer and smoother skin.	Applied a small amount to the face once daily in the afternoon. Applied sunscreen during the day to compensated for the increase in photosensitivity
	my acne cleared up within a few months, and now it is gone.	I used the gel once at night. I also took an antibiotic and yazmin. I believe I will continue to use the differin even after I stop the antibiotic, just for it's benifits.
	Improved ability to focus and concentrate. Memory retention better. Improved energy. Mainly helped relieve brain fog that is common with Chronic Fatigue/Fibromyalgia. Especially noticeable while working. Able to function better and work longer, more like my old self.	Take 1 pill in the morning to treat ADD-like symptoms that started after a car accident. Took several years to get Chronic Fatigue/Fibromyalgia diagnosis and quite awhile after that before this medicine was prescribed. Tried most of the standard ADD medications to help with brain fog but bad side effects, worked for awhile then stopped, or no effect. Many doctors not comfortable perscribing this medication for ADD or ADD-like symptoms since it's a weight-loss medicine. I usually only take this medication during the work week and give my body a break on teh weekends.
	It was fairly successful for the acne.  I found it especially good at spot treatment if I felt a cystic type coming up.	I applied it after cleansing skin at night and made sure my skin was completely dry before I put any on and I used a small amount, which was sometimes hard to spread around.
	The benefits were that once I started taking it, I became less emotional when I got upset.  I could handle the small things better than before, which used to set me off.  It evened out my moods so that I was less tempermental.	After a break-up, I was very depressed and upset all the time.  I began taking a dose of 20mg and within a few days, noticed a difference.  I had fewer dramatic mood swings, and was able to handle the everyday things that got me upset in a more reasonable manner.  I did not feel like crying as frequently as before the medication, and I feel it helps me keep a pretty even temper.  I continue to take this medication because I have been told I have a natural chemical imbalance, and this keeps me from being overly emotional when it is unnecessary.  Overall, I feel I benefit from taking it, and unless I miss a dose, I have no side effects.
	I had deepening frown lines on my forehead and between my eyes....the benefits were a decrease of the lines (wrinkles).	I had 300 units of Dysport injected into my forehead in about 5 different places. I was told to not bend over or lie back for a few hours or touch my forehead after the treatment.  I followed my doctors instructions. It has been over a week since the injections and there is still a mild wrinkle between my eyes.  The wrinkle is definitely not as deep looking as it was but it is still visible. I would probably have this done again although the results are not perfect.
	very effectively reduced my blood pressure to a good level and has amitianed it for the 2+ years I have been taking it.	"I'm taking one pill that contains two different blood pressure medications.

It has been very effective in controlling my hypertension."
	Within days, the acne disappeared. When taken continuously for 3-5 months at a time, the acne never reappeared and the hirsutism decreased substantially.  We then added laser hair removal and stopped the spironolactone.	Spironolactone was taken 50 mg a day and then increased after 3 months to 100 mg twice a day.  The Lo-ovral was taken each day.  The laser hair removal was every 6 weeks.  The acne was completely under control.  When the OCP was stopped, the acne returned.
	the treatment benefits were reducing acne, helping me to have a more clear complexion.  Also it GREATLY reduced my cramps.  And, to this day, I am not pregnant :)  The benefits of this "pill" were far greater than any others I have tried, and I have tried several different brands.	it was one pill a day, as any birth control pill is usually taken.  I took them properly and that is probably one reason why the benefits were great.  However I took the other brands at the right time to and they didn't work as well.
	Decreased blood pressure, decreased cardiac load, decreased kidney load	"Hydrochlorothiazide was prescribed by my doctor as a first line treatment of my mild hypertension (140/90).  In addition he recommended exercise, weight loss and dietary restriction of sodium.

This drug did lower my blood pressure to 130/90 which he thought was satisfactory for now."
	I experienced Xannax more effective for anxiety and panic attacks.	"First I experienced the state of anxiety and panic at the age of 20. Starting with Librium I was successful to managed and control my mood and over sensitive nature.

Regular exercise, food and lively hobbies helped to relieve me form all sedative and tranquilizers.

It was, probably, job related stress and tension what triggered the state of anxiety and panic.

Now the above-mentioned medications are helping to perform my activities, mostly as a normal person."
	Retin-a provided the benefits of reducing sun damage of the skin. It reduced some fine wrinkles and helped with uneven skin.	Treatment was for sun damage to the skin. The retin-a was applied daily in the evening. It was advised not to use it durig the day since it could lead to excessive exposure of the sun.
	Quickly helped with depression and nearly eliminated pain soon after starting.  Effects lasted for roughly four months.	"Started using Cymbalta 60mg to primarily for chronic tension headaches and neck/back pain and the resulting depression from chronic pain.  Worked wonderfully for about three months then slowly lost effectiveness.  Tried increasing to 90mg with little response.  Ended up switching antidepressants and finding different means to treat the pain.

It was a good drug when it worked, but unfortunately it didn't last very long.  It also acts on serotonin like an SSRI and started my dependency on SSRIs."
	It did help with the red blotchy skin that the rosacea was causing and the heat that I would feel when the rosacea would kick in. It also helped with pimples and welts that would sometimes come on during a bought of the rosacea.	The Dr. had me take one 100mg pill 2 x a day. Said I would need to use for an indefinite amount of time. After 5 months I went off of them because I couldn't be outside much.
	I did not have any other conditions.  Just an inability to focus, hyperactivity, and impulsive behavior.  I had a hard time staying organized and difficulty completing tasks.  I also had difficulty staying with one job for too long.  I had a hard time sustaining reading without getting really tired, and I also had a hard time controlling my emotional outbursts.  The  Concerta really helped me control all of those things.	The treatment details were pretty basic.  I just took the medication in the morning at the same time of day every day.  I was allowed to skip it on the weekends or less busy times if I so desired.  I really don't have anything else to put for this section of the survey.  I'm trying to fill up the 50 word requirement though.  You shouldn't really have that requirement on this form.  It seems kind of silly to be writing with nothing left to say.
	instantly i felt relieved. i am able to stand back a bit from things that would previously really upset me. i am therefore able not to let things get to me,fantastic. so now i don't  explode instantly in anger at things anymore, i tried to think myself calm and non reactive previously but it did not work. with zoloft i have a calmness when meeting things that would normally make me enraged .i have time and mental space to be rational and realistic and can choose a sane quiet and dignified response, not aggression and anger. hallelujah.	i take 50 mg tablet. one a day in the morning with food.
	Cleared up smaller papules/pustules and noticeably reduced facial redness. Did nothing for my cystic acne and blackheads.	Washed face with a gentle, sulfate-free cleanser, waited 5 minutes for face to dry, then applied Finacea. Finacea only applied once a day in the morning. Waited 20 minutes after application before applying sunscreen, moisturizer, or makeup.
	The drug has a very long half life and because of that property there is a long, smooth sustained effect of the drug. I did not feel highs or lows and hardly knew I was taking it except it helped my anxiety.	I could not take any anti-depressant medications. I tried them all but had terrible side effects. My doctor is extremely good with medication therapy for depression and anxiety and decided I have a serotonin sensitivity and so put me on this drug which works on a different endorphin pathway called gabba. I have had terrific success on it and although it too has addictive properties like other Diazapenes, I have not had to increase my dose at all therefore he doesn't think true physiological dependence is developing.
	Seemed to ease allergic rhinitis symptoms caused by seasonal allergies.  Easy administration was a great benefit.	I had sneezing, dry nasal passages caused by seasonal allergies.  Using this product daily seemed to ease my symptoms.  I still had some sneezing but the frequency and intensity of sneezing fits was reduced considerably. Administered one spray per nostril prior to going to bed at night.  Used product nightly for approximately three weeks.
	The sores became much less painful very soon, on the 2nd day. Overall, the healing was much faster, and there were only two pills a day to take (not 2 x 3 times a day, like with old-times Acyclovir), which was convenient	"I had had herpes for years before I was prescribed Valtrex (previous treatments were Acyclovir). It was prescribed on the second day after the sores appeared and I noticed the improvement the next day - the pain was almost gone. I took two pills per day, one in the morning and one in the evening, for 7 days, after which the remission was longer than the previous ones (sometimes, the outbreaks happened as often as every two weeks), about two months. 

After that, I started taking 2 pills of Valtrex the day I started feeling the outbreak (a nasty, gnawing feeling in the area where the sores would appear) and if it does not prevent the outbreak entirely, it lasts much shorter, is much less painful, and each time the remissions are rather long."
	Needed to replace natural tyroid hormones	Prescribed after removal of tyroid gland
	Dr recomended this for a cold. The traditional decongestants and anti-histimnies had not worked and I was not aware that this allergy medication would have been so effective.	Dr Rx recommendation to take 5 mg of Loratadine every 12 hours until symptoms reside. Extended Release Tablets was indicated for my relief of the nasal and \ symptoms of allergic rhinitis including nasal congestion due to the common cold.
	Oxybutynin Chloride reduced my urinary urgency by lessening my bladder spasms, and reduced my urinary frequency, decreasing the number of times I needed to use the bathroom during the day. It also eliminated the need for me to have to get out of bed to void during night.	Take one tablet once a day.
	i believe the medication did assist with depression. By the end of the six month most symptons of depression were gone	not sure what you are wanting, but one pill everyday
	solved my depression and helped me have an overall better outlook on life.	I take 20 mg once a day first thing in the morning, and it no longer keeps me awake late into the night.   I overall would recommend this drug to others.  I take the generic.
	After only three days of treatment my partner noticed a reduction in the hyperpigmentation, it took me about a month to notice these effects. Having used tretinoin now for two months the crepiness under my eyes is greatly reduced, there is undoubtedly a marked improvement in the texture of my skin and the hyperpigmentation is getting better every day.	very simple really,  wash and dry face at night, wait thirty minutes for face to dry completley, apply a pea sized amount of tretinoin avoiding corners of nose and eye lids.
	help with pigmentation on the face. acne scar visibly reduced but not all gone.	I was giving 4% dose using once a day along with sunscreen used daily. Help with my acne scar but produce dry sensitive skin. I am no longer use it after reading reports of its harmful long turn side affect
	I was able to walk (although I should not have)and drive in total comfort. All the pain was aleviated throughout the period of time i was taking the tablets. I felt in full control of all of my senses, even though i was a little more relaxed than normal.	After badly twisting my ankle I took the pain killer Tramadol . Although I was advised to take one tablet , three times per day. I did actually only take two tablets during the day. I felt the results were more than enough.They worked well enough and long enough to last me for a longer period of time.
	"Within 30 minutes for injections to 2 hours for caplets I was pain free and functional.



I had gone camping and run out of Imitrex.  I was in pain for about 14 hours when I was taken to a little emergency clinic. They gave me an injection of 50 miligrams and in about 15 minutes I was pain free and feeling normal."	"My insurance only covers 9 pills every 28 days, so my physician prescribes 100 miligram caplets and I cut them in half to give more dosages.  The caplets work well if the migraine is caught early. I most often wake up with the migraine starting and will take my pill and lie back down with a cold cloth or ice pack for 30 minutes to 2 hours depending on how advanced the pain is. 



If I catch it really early the pain stops progressing and I feel well with in 30 minutes to an hour.



If the maigraine has progressed too far the caplets don't work and I use a self injection of the 50 miligram dosage which works within 30 to 60 minutes without much side effect.



If I take the Imitrex by mistake for a headache that is not a migraine I get queasy and tight in the stomach and feel hung over."
	Felt 'normal' rather than in a state of panic and anxiety. Thoughts were clearer and not racing. Felt calm and peaceful.	After trying many anti-depressants, anti-anxiety and panic drugs - sometimes alone, sometimes in combination, nothing really worked for years until i tried (and continue to use) Remeron. It has made a *world* of difference to me and my quality of life. Started out on 7.5 mg one per day - gradually increased it. Too much made me sleepy, but found a right balance. Wish i knew about the drug many many years ago.
	calming effect, helped with sleep, helped with concentration, reduced appetite, improved depressive symptoms	Long history of ADD symptoms eventually diagnosed at age 37. had to stop taking medicine because i left job and health insurance lapsed. this medicine was far more effective for me than adderal, which caused me to be very emotionally labile and sensitive, and caused dramatic blood sugar drops. i really wish i could go back on strattera, it really felt right for me.
	After taking Adderall XR for about a year, my doctor switched me to Vyvanse.  Vyvanse not only helps me focus and take away the symptoms of ADHD that I was experiencing, but it does so for about 12 hours.  With Adderall XR, the effects lasted only a few hours, and I experienced a crash after the effects wore off and I instantly because extremely cranky and irratable.  With Adderall XR, I also lost the desire to eat.  I am hungry with Vyvanse, and do have the desire to eat.  With Vyvanse, I do not feel the crash at the end of the day, and I do not experience any moodiness.  I am very please with this drug, and it has changed my life for the better.  I have reccommended it to other family members with the same problems that I have and they have shared with me similar success stories.	I take one 70mg pill a day in the morning. I don't take it with food and it does not bother my stomach at all.
	Very quck and long lasting erection. Have been able to have sexual intercorse for 2-3 days no problem. That also had a psychological effect of easing anxiety.	5mg was taken 1-2 times a week for several months. That produced very strong and lasting erection in about 20-30 mins. Taking cialis also had the psychological effect of easing anxiety.
	I began to notice the positive benefits within a few weeks.  My mood brightened, I stopped feeling grief and self-loathing, began to remember what I liked to do. I also had increased ability to concentrate, increased energy, increased sex drive.   I was no longer depressed.  I stopped taking the medication after a couple of years, and the symptoms of depression did not return.	I met with my physician four weeks after I began taking the medication, then 3 months later, then every six months. I did not attend talk therapy or receive any other treatment.
	helped anxiety & black moods, headaches.  Made my life a happier place to be in, especially for my family.  Have had great results with lexapro with only minimal side effects such as a small weight gain.	Doctor prescribed lexapro when I had seen him about black moods & depression which is something I have had on and off since I was very young.   Depression was starting to effect my family life so felt I needed to see a doctor, he prescribed me lexapro as it helps with depression & anxiety.  I was prescribed 10mg and take one tablet daily.  I visit the doctor regularly to update progress on lexapro
	My rosacia and acne were improved 60% by the drug but I believe that the Murad Skin Care line for acne helped more than the drug.  I used both daily, first the drug for 3 mo. then the Murad for 3 mo.  The Murad appeared to help more without any negative side effects. My skin on the drug was very sensitive to sunlight but not with the Murad treatment.	I was to use the drug daily for a period of 3 mo.
	Greater focus, stronger commitment, lessened stress, improved self-confidence, goal setting, less depressed, better organization and memory (as in remembering events), clearer in thought and expression thereof.	"With or without this medication I am a philosopher. So I will be explain how the drug works on me from a philosophical assessment.



Background:

I had taken Strattera for three years (2005-2007) where it helped control ADD where I had difficulty doing so. It helped me focus, stay organized, manage relations, and most or all of the benefits I listed prior. I dropped the drug for 3 years so that I may learn how to control my ADD without the help of medication. During those three years I gained remarkable self control in overcoming ADD. However, I got to the point where I couldn't win over ADD, which was losing focus randomly. During college lectures that I found very intriguing I would often zone out/space out when I could not have been more interested in what was being professed. The frustration of this led me to conclude that medical assistance was the best choice.



On the drug:

I read and understand that the (generally) biggest con--side effect--to this drug is that there is some sort of depressive or suicidal figure involved. From an evaluative standpoint of myself, I've concluded that my desire for happiness is lowered from where it was prior to the drug. In other words, if I felt a need for a happiness at a 9th strength before, I now had the need for happiness at a 5th strength. Since happiness, to me and most I'd say, is the driving force for existence in life, a lessened desire for it would lead to two results. Lessened feeling for the needing to exist/live and feeling less depressed (because I now do not need to be happy as much as before).



Understand that this drug does not control me, I control this drug. I suggest that while you take the medication you assert a greater self-awareness. As you examine how it affects you, you can understand when you are thinking naturally or by the drug."
	My stomach aches went away. I wasn't as nauseated as I would have been without anything.	I am taking this medication after being diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome. I was on Zelnorm for this and it was like a miracle drug!! It fixed all my problems for months, then it went off the market. The doctor then told me to try this as an option. It definately helps more than not taking anything at all and I can tell when I get these stomach pains that I forgot to take the drug.
	reduction of daily muscle tension headaches to about one headache every 6-7 days with decreased severity	Initial dosing of gabapentin of 300mg on day one, 600mg on day two and 900mg on day three with increase to dose of 2400mg at which headaches have almost completely subsided.
	Strong erections	Strong erections
	Clear appearance of skin, decreased pimples and cysts, it took one month for the medication to start working and had moderate effects	benzac, roaccutane, then MINOCYCLINE
	able to think more clearly and remember things and not so depressed. could function more stable -- began to get more done like in years past. the night sweats from pre menapausal symptoms seemed to go away almost totally; it gave me more hope and not so effected by negative circumstances. I was able to move on with life and function like a normal person	take once a day
	I noticed significant smoothing and softening of lines on face, lightening of uneven coloring, reduction of frequency of blemishes, reduction in oiliness of skin and some tightening of the tissues of the facial skin.  I would hope that the effects are long-lasting, but I have only used it for 2 months now.	I applied nightly to dry clean skin. I did not apply any moisturizer afterwards in order to avoid diluting the product.  I used a mild cleanser for dry skin and exfoliated with a microfiber cloth once a week.  I did not have any peeling.  Some irritation in places.
	relief	I take 2 tablets before retiring
	relieved depressive symptoms; not as weepy or anxious, did NOT interfere with libido/sexual performance; slight decrease in appetite (pt liked wt loss)	pt started on 150mg daily for 1 week then increased to 300mg once daily. Pt continues on the regimen today (has been for years 5+)
	Having had severe TPM symptoms for many years, I asked my doctor for Fluoxetine. The benefits were a total feeling of "well-being". Without the extreme "high" feeling of anfetamines (taken before as part of a supervised diet regimen). High decrease on anxiety. Appetite more controled. Clearness of my thoughts. Decrease on crisis of depression (specially during the days previous to my periods). More "energy" during the day to the daily things.. decrease on obsessive compulsive (mild) disorder	Fluoxetine 20mg. Taken once daily (variation: twice daily during week previous to period). For a period of 6 months (at least 3 months; possibly to be discontinued if great increase was noticed). Not to be taken with any other drug before consulting a doctor. Not to be taken with alcoolic drinks. Not to be taken with empty stomache.
	Prevention of blood clot formation after angiogram. The angiogram was required as the patient (myself) has a calcium score of about 4000 (extremely high) and had  complained of minor episodes of intermittent weakness in the hands and feet. The angiogram revealed a number of partial arterial blockages being treated first with Lipitor and currently with Crestor, niacin and aspirin.	I took the tablet once a day, in the morning, together with my other prescribed medications. It caused no other observable side effects as I was able to keep up with a 40 to 50 ho9ur deskn type work week and walking an hour a day o9r more.
	headache stopped	great result
	Seroquel knocks you out, but for me it takes about 2 hours to start working. I take it about 2.5 hours before I actually want to get to sleep, and it lulls me into a very deep sleep. I rarely remember dreams. Seroquel has an amazing ability to erase memories of the day before, which for me is usually a good thing. Highly recommended for people with severe insomnia and/or rapid mood swings.	I take one 100mg tablet about 2 hours before I go to bed (I have a slow metabolism).  I allow about 30 minutes in the morning to wake up and be functional before I leave for work or school. I usually hit the snooze button about 3 times.
	less irritability, slept better. Was less hungry.	Was put on paxil which was quite effective but had the side effect of wt gain. Switched to lexapro. Wt gain more easily controlled, but wasn't as effective as paxil for depression. Now I'm on nothing and I'm doing well.
	pain relief, which gave me energy to get through the day and able to work	Ultram helps control fibro pain without making me sleepy or feeling 'out of it'...there aren't many drugs I can take that I can still function and actually feel well, with Ultram or Tramacet do this for me....only down side expensive, not covered under blue cross
	I did not experience any benefits after one week of usage.  I chose to discontinue the treatment.	The knee pain became progressively more severe over the course of 2-3 months. My family doctor sent me to physical therapist who stress tested the knee, and the physical therapist determined that I should see the specialist.  A consultation with an orthopedic doctor was scheduled with an MRI performed.  The MRI showed some swelling in the knee joint ligaments under the front of the knee cap.  No tears or spurs were visible, thus the diagnosis was possible early stage of arthritis and/or minor injury.  I felt the arthritis was not completely impossible but more likely that some possible injury was probable owing to my daily work activity but no exact injury could be documented.  After the week of celebrex usage, without any noticable relief, I chose to discontinue the medication route in favor of some time off (2 weeks) with ice-pack heat-pad therapy to reduce swelling and pain. Next I self applied sparingly over time some physical therapy at the local gym, to strengthen any possible sprain-injury situation that may have occurred. To date my knees have been relatively trouble free when i adhere to age appropriate work and leisure pursuits (reducing strenuous projects as i get older). My construction business is slowest in late fall and winter, during which i continue my physical activity at a local gym.  Thus avoiding future injuries.
	I did not experience the "brain-fog" that I did with Celexa. I felt great after the first couple of days - relieved the depression immensely.	After using Celexa for 7 years, it decreased in its helpfulness. Celexa always made me feel like I was in a fog as well - hated the stuff. Immediately after taking Effexor, I felt the fog lift and I can't begin to tell you how relieved I am,  or how greatly that improveed the quality of my life. I still have moments where I feel a little anxious, but as a whole, the depression is being taken care of. When I noticed a decrease in visual accuity in my right eye, I stopped taking the drug. My eyesight seemed to return to normal. Oddly, my left eye is fine, but it was always extraordinarily good.
	Mood more level. My speech is slower, not as pressured. I tend to listen better. I feel more "chill", though I still do experience free floating anxiety. My mood is significantly improved, but the anxiety, while lower, is the most stubborn of the symptoms.	I have been taking the medication for a year. I had started at 900 mg daily, but found that while I was improved, there was still room for improvement, so the dose was increased to 1200 mg/d. Of all the medications I have taken for bipolar disorder, this has been the most effective; and the cheapest too lol!!
	The benefits are helping to control my cystic acne. I used to have very painful acne cysts that caused major scarring on my cheeks and chin. I did use accutane for about 4 months to clear it up. However, I still breakout. Not with cysts but smaller pimples. They seem to form in a cluster in certain areas. I have tried all kinds of topical as well as oral medication to keep these breakouts at bay. Spironolactone has pretty much helped reduce the breakouts to almost non existant. My face is also less oily.	I simply take one 100 mg pill a day after I have eaten and drink plenty of water. I usually take it in the morning. I use spironolactone in conjuntion with Ziana topical cream. This combination has really helped to basically rid me of acne. Thank goodness, since I am almost 27 years old and it is embarrassing to still get acne. I love this stuff!
	I became a happier person and felt like living and being active again. I was a better mother and wife. I could focus and was not lethargic or sad.	I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and then depression. I was treated first for the hypothyroidism and then the depression. The Zoloft worked but I still felt like I had a lower than normal energy level. My doctor added in the Wellbutrin to give me the energy boost.
	Lessened anxiety,brought about more attention	take one pill daily
	"Reduce anxiety and panic. Able to ride subways and go into

crowded areas without fear of panic attack

flying is now much easier because the fair of having a 

panic attack is not there"	cbt plus meds
	My blood sugar is under control. I went from an A1c of over 8.0 to an A1c of 5.3 over the course of treatment. This medication has had minimal side effects and I developed a tolerance to the side effects in a short period of time- about 30 days. This medication is easy to take and doesn't dissolve on your tongue thus avoiding a bitter pill taste. In its generic form this medication is quite affordable.	My diabetes treatment is three fold. I take medication ( glucophage, gliperide, & actos) follow a diabetes friendly diet and exercise regularly. My medications are glucophage 1000mg in the morning and 1500mg at night; actos 45 mg in the morning and gliperide 20 mg in the morning. My diet is based on a 1800 calorie ADA diet with meals including no more than 60 grams of carbohydrate and snacks with no more than 15-30 grams of carbohydrate. My exericse is a minimum of 20 minutes of walking 3-4 days a week.
	to be honest, I am uncertain yet. I believe it will take months to see results	Apply nightly to face. Wash off in am. Do not use more than every other night due to potential dry flaky skin. Use as infrequently as needed to avoid dryness and irritation. This is a long term skin care application and results may be very moderate and perhaps I will see no fifferance at all. Instructed to continue using long term.
	lowered blood pressure	take 1 Hyzaar every morning
	After the first few DAYS my anxiety was greatly reduced. I felt less depressed and did not feel prone to panic attacks that I had been having prior to starting this medication. I was very pleased with the reduced anxiety and depression.	The medication worked great, and I would have rated it a 10 except getting OFF the medication was difficult. For six-eight weeks I had what I've come to learn are called brain zaps... a strange sensation that is difficult to describe and not pleasant. Lucky for me I had read about this so it did not scare me... otherwise I would have been very concerned. I pretty much just rode it out for those 6-8 weeks and then it went away and I've been fine. If I had to do it over I would still have chosen to take the lexapro because is was so effective for my anxiey/depression which was off the charts when I started.
	complete improvement in flat sad affect.  Felt depression completely lift by the end of four weeks.	My doctor added wellbutrin to my existing zoloft for treatment of my depression.  By adding this my zoloft side effects went away and my depression lifted.
	some control of partial seizures- they decreased from 3-4/wk to 1-2/mo	150mg AM/150mg PM brand name tablets.
	a reduction in the amount of panic attacks i suffered, and more control over the ones i do have, a general lightening of moods and outlook. my IBS symptoms appear reduced.	having suffered with severe anxiety problems for several years and having tried several other anti depressents my gp prescribed effexor at a 75mg dose, this was then incresed to 150mg and finally 225mg which is ongoing, my anxiety is now much better and i am able to live normally
	The benefits were numerous, I don't have panic attcks for the first time in 20 yrs, and if I do, they are less than 20 seconds.  I haven't had a mixed state or very rapid cycling since getting on it 2 years ago.  These symptoms continued to get more severe until I got on this drug.  Every episode was worse and lasted longer.  This drug gave me my life back.  I lost my job(s) and wound up in psychiatric inpatient care.  But I have become steadily better since first taking the drug.  I have to admit, to get to the point I'm at now took 2 years, but it's better then I was, and it's better than not getting better at all.  The longer I'm on Seroquel, the better I feel.  Also, I am able to sleep because of Seroquel.  At the worst when I went into the hospital I couldn't sleep at all which was making my episode even worse.  Sleeping drugs and benzodiazepines such as valium that were given to me made me feel horrible, very tired the next day, and even made me panic.  Anticonvulsants and even other psychotics gave me panic attacks, made me antsy or made me so tired I couldn't even function in day to day life.  Seroquel doesn't make me real tired, but it  has made a sleep schedule possible again.  I also don't feel too tired in the morning.	I have been on and off lithium and paxil for years.  I tried zyprexa, depakote Triliptal and Lamictal, but these made meunfunctionally tired or I had severe reactions to them.  I have a problem where drugs create severe reactions and sensitivity in me so dr.s give small amounts of several rather than a mega dose of one.  I tried Risperdal but it gave me severe panic attacks and restlessness.  I started out with an antipsychotic and lithium at the hospital to bring the mania and mixed states down.  Later I switched to seroquel and Paxil was added to help with my anxiety and depression.  I was on Seroquel at a lower dose than most 200mg to start, 900mg lithium (anymore than that makes me very sick even though the blood tests show it's within normal limits)and Paxil at 25mg.  Now 2 years later, as I am not in a severe episode I can get by on half the Paxil, 50 mg Seroquel and the lowest Lithium possible to keep it in treatment range.  I raise the doses if I have to (with permission of the Nurse practitioner)and I take 25-50mg Seroquel as needed throughout the day if I need to for anxiety, although I don't need to very often.  The combination of seroquel, Paxil and lithium works best together for me.
	It did lower my BP some	I definitely have to have synthroid, because once I stopped taking it, and I couldn't get out of bed I was so tired. I have not stopped the lisinopril, continue to take it with no side effects, except I wonder about the ear ringing.
	After a few weeks my skin started to clear up and look my younger and clearer.  I did experience some tightening in my skin and dryness.  Also, I was instructed not to apply any moisturizer to my t-zone since that is my problem ares.	I was instructed to apply the differin gel before bed every night.
	If I have a classical migraine, I cannot function without taking an Imitrex. Imitrex takes the edge off the pain, takes away the feeling of nausea and I am able to work on the computer, which I otherwise could not do with a migraine. The pills work most of the time but do not work if the headache was not a migraine. The drug used to have an effect quicker on me several years ago when it took care of my migraine within 30 minutes. Today it often takes me an hour to feel better after taking Imitrex.	I take an imitrex within an hour of onset of a migraine headache. However, I do not take more than one Imitrex per day. Also, I usually do not take it two days in a row, if I don't have to, as the drug makes me feel very tired and depressed the next day.
	full long lasting erection up to two days after 20mg dosage,plus it works when you are ready, i must say it brings you back to your youth.	I still have the drive and can have a erection just not full, so a dosage of 20mg just gives me back what is needed.
	Helped me easily get a good sleep. Possible reduction in IBS symptoms.	Did little if anything for depression and anxiety. On 15mg things got worse and I got angry so easily but this went away on 30mg. I didn't put any weight on and I didn't feel very hungry on this drug and I thought that was supposed to happen.
	Early this year I started noticing my skin around the eye beginning to lose its firmness: wrinkles formed during sleep could not be smoothed out by using Lancome eye cream.  Though, applying a collagen eye product does tighten up the eyelids, but only on the surface, and causing the skin around the eye to crack following facial motions.  I was very self conscious about the wrinkles. After using Renova (I've been using it for about two month now), the wrinkles are smoothed, and where the skin easily wrinkles is firmed up, supple and elastic.	I asked the doctor to prescribe Renova to me.
	decreased ER visits due to control of the migraine at onset.  Lower stress level with the migraine due to medications quick action.	I had been having menstrual migraines for some time and would always end up in the er when ibuprofen and acetaminophen didn't work (i had tried other migraine meds that didn't work either) So my Dr. prescribed percocet, I usually end up taking it once every 3-4 months.
	I stayed loose and limber throughout the day.  Didn't end up limping at the end of the day or after a 30 min car ride.  It made me feel like I was in my 30's again instead of my 50's.  It enables me to do yoga moves which I could not do because of the pain.  It's changed my life.  None of the side effects that narcotic pain relievers give.  No tiredness or spaciness	two 50 mg tabs twice a day.  Usually at 0900 and 1700
	improve cystic acne on chin -- I still get a few bumps but not as many or as violent as before the treatment.	I have tried many prescription and nonprescription medications for adult acne.  This one worked as well as any of them with less irritation.  While I was using the medication to treat cystic acne I also saw a significant improvement is white heads and black heads.  White heads on my forehead virtually disappeared.
	Skin cleared up immediately - the first time.	I took this drug twice - both times for 3 months at 30mg a day.  The first time I took it my skin cleared up in 3 days.  Not only did my acne disappear but my excessively oily skin turned normal in 3 days as well.  Things were great for the time that I was on the medication but about 1 month after finishing it my skin returned to its old self - moderate/severe acne and extremely oily.  I took the second course of this medicine about 1 year later.  The second time was the same dose and time - 30mg per day for 3 months.  It had absolutely no effect on my acne or oily skin the second time around.  I am still battling this problem 10 years later.
	the treatments benifits are to reduce acid reflux and stop acid from forming in the stomach.	The treatment details were I was diagnosed with acid reflux and esphogitis, this medication is given to heal the esophagus and stop acid reflux.
	I am able to breath more easily. Taking the medication keeps my airways open and keeps me alive.	The medication comes in a plastic disk, which contains 60 measured doses in a blister pack. This lasts 30 days. Each morning and evening the plastic disk is opened and the next dose is opened. One must exhale and then place the disc with the mouth covering the opening and evenly and steadily inhale. Close the disc. I hold me breathe for about 30 seconds and then exhale. Then you need to rinse your mouth so that the medication does not cause oral thrush.
	Mega-dosage of Valtrex upon the first symptoms and signs of a cold sore typically effectively reduced and or eliminated the actual appearance and break out of cold sores.	Prescribed Valtrex for regular outbreak of cold sores. Was told to take extra dosage upon first signs of outbreak.
	Taking the medicine was only once a day at the time I chose to take it. It helped me most during stressed situations of any size. I could handle anything and not get angry.	I take Cymbalta for depression and anxiety. Right away I noticed a difference in my behavior. It took awhile for them to even out, so I didn't rely on my next dose.
	Most say it takes 6 weeks for this drug to really be in your system. After taking for 3 days I could feel the effects, I was much calmer and able to handle stressful situations, and back to myself. My problem was that small daily stresses tended to become much larger than they should have. I am now much more able to let small things roll off my back.	Initially started at 20 mg., worked great. During an exstremely stressful time where increased to 40 mg. I will be reducing down to 20mg very soon.
	I do feel much more awake, but I still need a nap everyday even after taking both of my doses. With 8-10 hours of sleep I'm still very fatigued, but I am able to think more clearly...and even drive again. My mood is much better and seems to be more stable than before. The endless fatigue used to spin me out of control and send me into rage, and the only way that I could deal with the rage was to clean like mad crazy and put my focus on ANYTHING other than the real issues...all the while never eating or drinking anything for weeks at a time. From there I would become extremely manic and focus only on organization, my eating disorder and cleaning. This hasn't happened at all since taking provigal in combination with Cymbalta. I did read that this medication is not recommended for people with a history of mania, ocd or eating disorders....but I feel that it's been very effective in the long run for me.	My bipolar disorder is often at the lowest points more than the highest points anymore. In the past I switched moods much more rapidly and was given the diagnosis of Rapid cycling bipolar disorder. After my first daughter was born it only got worse. Weeks without any sleep! Then when my second daughter was born something changed within me. I couoldn't wake up at night to even hear her cry. My husband took vacation time to stay home to let me rest. I relapsed worse than ever with my eating disorder and required my 3rd feeding tube and I just could not function enough to even take care of myself, normal life or even my baby girls. I was go into fits of rage from the sheer exhaustion and would CLEAN FOR DAYS AND WEEKS without eating , drinking, sleeping or even sitting! Then I would crash! Finally my doctor decided to jusy try provigil, and it has helped a great deal along with cymbalta. I'm not sure why becasue according the everything I know about both medications...they are completely wrong for me. However, nothing else has worked thu far. I have taken EVERYTHING! This has been a dream for me even if I don't have as much pep in my step as I would like....I'm not a blank, lifeless, useless zombie.
	My hair had been falling out, and it finally stopped after taking this for a while.  Now it is growing back and getting thicker.  Before I was always cold and my hands would even get numb from being so cold all the time.  Now I am finally warm and don't have to wear a sweater  in the summer.	This is something that I will probably continue to take.  Even though it makes me a bit nauseous, the benefits greatl outweigh the risks for me.  It is so nice to be able to be warm again, and for my hair to be growing back.
	Completely eliminated neck pain. Interestingly, did not reduce slight-to-moderate left hip pain (see article on pain in 11/09 issue of Scientific American)	I've had 2 compressed discs in neck for over 5 years. Had taken Hydrocodone plus Tylenol for a few months, but it had nasty side-effects (I don't know how Dr. House does it). Tramadol has worked consistently and effectively for over 2 years now.
	I don't have to worry about forgetting to take a pill or a condom breaking.  I have had no vaginal dryness,my sex drive is still the same (high), no cramping, matter of fact, I was cramping very badly the day that I started the ring and within an hour of insertion, my cramps went away.  I actually had blood clots before I started the ring, and now my periods are so much more lighter so I am not clotting at all. :)  Also, my period duration has been cut in half from 5-7 days to 3 or 3.5 days.  I think it's AWESOME!!  My partner does not feel it at all and we have it enthusiastically (vigorously)!	I feel sorry for the women who have had negative side effects with the Nuvaring.  So far so good, so I am sticking to it!!
	cleared head and sinsus	taken daily for sinsus pressure
	almost complete elimination of gerd symptoms--reflux,heartburn,nausea,choking spasms, cough.  I have also been able to eat a wider variety of foods without discomfort.	Previously took Losec, but continued to have problems with choking spasms, which became increasingly distressing.  The doctor prescribed Nexium at a lower dose, 30 mg., which helped but did not eliminate symptoms.  Increased to 40, and have been happy with this dose ever since.  The doctor tried reducing it once, but I had a choking spasm within two weeks, so we increased it again.  She was a little concerned about risk of osteoporosis, but bone density tests have been normal.
	better outlook on life in general, less anxious, easier to deal with everything, a difference of night and day	I am happily married with two children, ages three and five. For years I cried everyday, freaked out at the drop of a hat, yelled all the time, had no self esteem and sometimes thought I could not go on. After two weeks of taking Lexapro I am a completely different person. I have not cried once after the first week of being treated. I love myself and my kids. All the menial tasks that I felt so difficult before, I now do with a great sense of ease. My friends and family notice a huge change in me. I couldn't be happier.
	The pain in my back and neck caused stress and spasms. The medication relived the pain , nearly completlly, and allowed the spasms to subside. I tried anti inflamatories before for this re occuring problem and found them to be nearly useless. Strong pain killers like darvocet and vicadin are affective but do not allow me to maintain any normal activity during the drug use.	I suffered form damage to soft tissues on my neck and back from an accedent. i crashed on a mountain bike and after the inisial recovery period, I found that certain activited can cause a sharp pain in my back at the base of my neck. This, if not medicated, will grow in the course of a hours, into spasms and tense pain. It will cause me to contort my neck and everything I do brings more pain and discomfort. The medication when taken at the onset of the pain, cause the muscles to relax and the pain to subside in a day. If the pain becomes severe and medication is postponed, it may take several doses of medication over the next day or two to make the muscles relax.
	I have increased energy while taking this medication. It has possibly prevented osteoporosis. My family is quite prone to this, and my bone density tests only show slight osteopenia.	I have taken one premarin pill every evening.
	only 4 periods a year	efective against pregnancy.. thats about all.
	Addition of neurontin reduced overall pain severity at the neuropathic injury site (R cervical spine), and appeared to lessen a qualitatively different component of the pain to that helped by tramadol. Combination of tramadol and neurontin in carefully tested comination (to suit patient) brought best pain result to date (injury 26mo prior).	Added 300mg b.i.d. on gradual increase to 1200mg daily, but found 900mg was sufficient.
	significant decrease to nerve pain to arm	I have a history of a brachial plexus injury 8 years ago that has led to progressive increase in nerve pain to my right arm to the point I could no longer lift my camera and was in constant pain throughout the day. It was interfering with work and sleep. In the past, I was treated with short term steroids that masked pain and allowed me to participate in physical therapy. Results were always minimal, but better than nothing. After trying one medication for fibromyalgia unsuccessfully, my doctor agreed to try me on Cymbalta. It took about a month, but the results have been terrific.
	Fter going back to the doctors for a nother swob the bacterial number was back to normal	tablets to be taken with water after meal, 3 times a day for 7 days
	Aided in decreasing symptoms of depression, and also reduced craving for cigarettes as a bonus.  Noticeably less lethargy.	In conjunction with taking Lexapro for anxiety, Wellbutrin XL was taken (150 mg/day) to reduce depression and balance the side effects of Lexapro, including lethargy, weight gain and sexual dysfunction.  Lexapro was taken in evening, Wellbutrin XL in the morning.
	First of all there are a TON of competitors like rogaine on these reviews bashing propecia, how can you only take it for 3 months and have side effects that have ruined your life, i find that highly unlikely. Second, propecia does work even for a receding hairline, if u think your going to regrow your childhood hairline 99% of the time you won't. I have managed to keep my hair and regrow the thin parts and it just feels a lot better. and of course if you take a hormone blocking drug your gonna have sides but they are not bad at all i can still get a boner in about 10 seconds and its not limp. it didnt start really regrowing until about 6-7 months in so u gotta give it time.	propecia is cool just do research, actually this shit is too expensive but if u care about your hair i would recommend it.
	the benefit was a lowering of blood sugar and metformin does that very well without leading to hypoglycemia which can happen with some of the other anti-hyperglycemic drugs.	Metformin 500 mg taken twice a day. This controlled by blood sugar but it is important to realize that the medication does not peak until about 4-6 hours after it is taken. This is important knowledge to have in order to time the administration of the drug. When I took it too close to dinner time, it was not as effective as when I took it 4-5 hours before dinner. I wish my healthcare provider or pharmacist had told me when it peaked but that information came from a diabetes educator. I got better control after I knew when to take my dose.
	The prednisone immediately reduced the warmth and burning heat of the rash, although the rash continued to spread across my face for several days. It also stopped the itching. As another benefit, the prednisone also got rid of my eczema and--most thrilling--my tennis elbow, which was lingering from 9 months earlier!	I first had a 60-mg shot in the office; the next day I was to take three 20-mg pills (=60 mg, once a day).  Then, for 5 days, I had to take two 20-mg pills; then for the last two days, I was to take one 20-mg pill each day.
	Incredibly beneficial! By using the semi-synthetic opioid dreug along with a homeopathic, long used in europe product, Traumeel (HEEL, Inc.) my osteoarthistis and other spinal pain issues were substanially relieved on a 24 hr basis.	take 60 mg oxycontine every 8 hrs and one Traumeel at same time taking oxycontin.  Traumeel tablets are to be taken sublingually, under the tongue to slowly dissolve.  After a one week period of taking the Traumeel with the pain killer, i noticed substantial results.
	I could fall asleep and was usually well rested.	Taken as needed to sleep during a stressful situation.
	It reduced my acne considerably. It provided a very smooth feeling to my skin that I did not experience with anything prior to using this medicine. It also gave me a rosier complexion with a glow.	I used this every night after cleansing my face. I waited about fifteen to twenty minutes before the application. It was also recommended by my doctor to wear sunscreen the next morning since this medication causes skin sun sensitivity.
	Before taking Prozac I had no energy or joy - I could barely lift my head off the pillow in the morning. I just wanted to stay in bed. When I first started taking it, I could feel it physically - I felt a little "giddy" and my eyes felt/looked glazed. But over time, those feelings went away and I just felt normal. I no longer felt like I was on a drug - I just felt good. I could get up in the morning and looked forward to each day.	I began by taking 5mg tablets one time a day for one week. The next week I increased to 10mg tablets on time/day. I took Prozac for one year. When I stopped taking it I reduced the dosage to 5mg tablets one time a day for about 2 weeks. I did not have any ill effects when I quit taking it.
	depression reduced - I had taken it at a lower dosage at first - but his had no effect - at all - so psychiatrist had to prescribe a higher dosage than the family doctors are allowed...the effect was amazing - I suddenly felt a 100% better after  a week or so - I had been on the lower dosage for months with no effect.	I was prescribed increasing doses by my family doctor until he had reached the maximum (150) he could prescribe. I tried to commit suicide, I was referred to a psychiatrist who doubled the dose. After seeing the psychiatrist twice over 2 months. I did not have to see her again. And my family doctor could continue to prescribe at this higher dose.
	It was able to supress my hunger enough to "get through" the tough times and not be so grumpy about it :)  Simply, I was not STARVING all the time, and it made the weight loss bearable.  It was not EASY, but it gave me the drive to keep going because I wasn't so miserable while doing it. I ate a 1200 calorie a day or less diet and exercised many times a week...so I would have lost weight anyway, but it just made it easier.	One tablet a day for about a year to help aid in weight loss.  I have been able to keep it off give or take a few pounds, almost a year later.
	Infection gone.	none
	This product reduced the severity of the breakouts and reduced length of time of the acne outbreak.  It was effective in reducing the outbreak but it does not eliminate or reduce blackheads unless an inordinate amount of ointment is applied daily.	cleanse with a non abrasive facial cleanser and dry face.  Then apply cream to the affected area
	The benefits are numerous. With the Geodon I haven't suffered from a bout of depression in app. 2 1/2 yrs.. Before the Geodon I suffered from depression for months at a time. I haven't been or felt suicidal at all since beginning the drug. With Geodon I am on an even keel. By that I mean that I do not suffer from the peaks and valleys of typical bi-polar disorder. I no longer have manic episodes for days and then sink into a dark depression. It has made most of my bi-polar traits go away.	The treatment for me is to take 2 80mg capsules of Geodon daily and follow up with a psychiatrist.
	"Catapres was initially effective at reducing my blood pressure on it's own, but there was reduced effectiveness over time. For this reason I began taking Betaloc in addition to catapres (daily). Taking these two drugs together has resulted in good blood pressure control with a fairly low dose of each drug.



A side benefit of taking catapres has been that it helps to control my Rosacea symptoms. I have had the reason for this explained to me, but cannot recal the details (has something to do with Catapres effect on the sympathetic nervous system)."	I'm not sure what this question means, and may have already answered it. I am taking Catapres and Betaloc for longstanding essential hypertension. I have noticed that when I take these two drugs together their individual effectiveness is amplified. I have been cautioned by my doctor that it is important not to suddenly stop taking this drug combination as this could cause a heart attack.
	I can now fly without flight or pre-flight anxiety. I used to worry for two weeks about getting ono and airplane.	I take the diazepam about 1.5 hours before the plan takes off. Not hard to do, not that I have to get to the airport so early:).
	Reduced the blood pressure with few side effects at first	The drug was very helpful at first.  It improved my concentration, my ability to focus and pay attention increased and I slept better.  As the years passed, I became aware that I was in a state of semi-dehydration much of the time.  This did not dawn on me until I had taken the drug for over seven years.  I started to keep water at my desk and drank a quart and a half on average every day just during the day at work.  This helped considerably, but the dry skin and constipation finally lead to my asking the doctor for a change.  I am curious if there is any connection between the dehydration and potential dementia.
	Very effective increase of HDL	I added supplements after statins were not effective at raising HDL to "good" levels. Although excellent at reducing LDL. The most dramatic effect was the addition of Niacin. I've added other anti-oxidants and supplements since, but the measurable results from Nicin therapy were dramatic.
	Signifigantly reduced depression, social anxiety. .	"I've been on Effexor for about 7 years, and love it. It doesn't make you sleepy or passive. It doesn't kill your sex drive, though it is reduced a bit, and it's still harder to reach orgasm. Best part about this med is that it doesn't make you sleepy or foggy. 



You may have to increase dosage after a couple of years. It started to poop out on me at about year 3, and since then I've been climbing with the dosage. 



I've tried many anti-depressants, and this is the gold standard for me. Paxil robbed me of many years...no ambition, no focus, very sloppy housekeeping. Effexor is much better."
	I have more energy, the want to do things (clean house, walk, and normal daily activities). It boosts my self confidence. I am more happy now. I have more fun with my 2 children. I have no appetite what so ever, which to me is an awesome thing whereas before I could eat my 3 meals a day and snack a million times in between. I actually like the taste of water now. I didn't drink pop much at all before but now if I take a drink of pop it tastes nasty so that is a very big plus.	See above, sorry.
	I lost 90 pounds in 6 months. The key was drinking water all throughout the day. I ate 1 meal a day before 6pm & snacked on fruit (applesauce, fruit cups, canned fruit,etc.)  all through the day (instead of fast food, icecream, chips or any other food that is unhealthy). I saw no results in the first month, but once 30 days had passed, I started to lose 1 lb. a day & sometimes 1 1'2 lb. a day. Even after getting off of Meridia, I still continued to lose weight 2 months later. Product was VERY expensive but worth it! The more weight you have to lose the more you WILL lose!	Lost 91 lbs. in 6-7 months. Kept the weight off even to this day (4 years later) b/c the Meridia taught me the key to weight loss: Less calorie intake. And since the Meridia trained my body to get full quicker, I was able to still eat & crave less even after getting off of the medication.
	The synthetic thyroid hormone treatment made it so I was at least able to function, sped my metabolism up enough to keep warm and have regular menses.	Compared to others who naturally have a functioning thyroid, it is clear to see that Synthroid is an inferior product to what the thyroid makes naturally in a healthy individual. I know that I still have minor hypothyroid symptoms even when my blood counts show that I have therapeutic levels of the medication. Additionally, generic versions of Synthroid seem to be even less effective at relieving all the symptoms, even though the blood counts could be normal. With hypothyroidism becoming a very common condition these days, one would think that new medications would be coming out, but the medical professionals seem content to stick with Synthroid because "on paper" it seems to be safe and effective.
	My miracle drug!! I have suffered for years with extreme mood swings, depression, and bulimia. It was several months ago that I was diagnosed with bipolar 2-I was immediately prescribed Lamictal-I didn't really notice a difference so my dr. upped it to 150mg. It has worked wonders! I am so proud to say that I am happy and I haven't felt this elation in years! I can actually stay awake during the day, I have the drive to exercise, my labido is back(sure did miss that), almost no mood swings at all and most importantly I feel like a mother again! I have 3 beautiful little girls that I can hug, kiss, and love again!! I feel like crying-in a good way-everytime I think about how happy I am! My only fear is wondering how long this will last-I can only pray this will last forever.	150 mg a day-taken before bedtime
	Treatment began to work after 3 days. I had not been able to smell for 10 years and my smell is now restored.	I tried the drops as my nasal polyps were so big that i was suffering frequent sinus infection. I was advised to take the drops for 4-6 weeks before i may see improvement. The drops worked after 3 days, the nasal polyps shrunk I could breathe with my mouth closed and I could smell and taste again. I am delighted.
	Tried to stop smoking for years. Started using Chantix and found that if taken twice daily even if I smoked an occassional cigarettes; I continued to take the drug. Had no jitters or nervousness from nicotine withdrawals. Very effective.	1mg tablet twice daily.
	This is probably the best skin care product/medicine available. It is highly effective for both acne and photo-aging. It exfoliates the skin better than anything else, thus unclogging the pores. It also speeds up cell turnover, which reduces keratinization, preventing comedo-formation. It smooths out wrinkles, makes the deep layers of skin - dermis - thicker, increases collagen production, etc. You can read about all its benefits on PubMed. It has been proven more effective than tretinoin (Retin A) for both acne and photoaging.	The gel is more effective than the cream, in that it delivers a higher dosage of the medication faster. The cream however has lower side effects and it achieves more controlled release of the drug. I believe the cream is more appropriate for anti-aging, as it is more emollient. Neither the cream nor the gel are comedogenic so acne sufferers should not worry. I have used both the gel and the cream, with both concentrations - .05% and .1%. I am currently using the .1% cream. There is a generic version available from an Indian manufacturer called Glenmark. Their product is called Tazret. It is virtually the same as the original.
	I used to have near-daily migraines.  I tried every migraine medication on the market.  Either they didn't have any effect, or I was unable to tolerate them due to side-effects.  With Botox injections administered by a very knowledgable neurologist who is also a pain specialist, I am virtually migraine-free for months.	My neurologist injects the tiny cranial muscles as well as muscles along my neck and upper shoulder.  He uses a tiny needle and injects very little at each site.  He determines where the trigger points are before administering the Botox.  PLEASE NOTE:  If using Botox for migraines, do go to a neurologist who is experienced with migraine pain.  DO NOT have this done by a cosmetic surgeon!
	Opened lungs when breathing was difficult.	"I used an asthma inhaler frequently as a child.  I think it was albuterol, although it is hard to be certain.



In my forties, I had a recurrence of asthma.  The pharmacist and my doctor both said NOT to use the over-the-counter inhalers.  I did try one, and it was MUCH more heart-poundingly stimulating than albuterol.  Dangerous for someone with heart problems, but difficulty breathing would be dangerous as well.



At some point, I got a generic albuterol inhaler and found it much less effective than the Ventolin brand.  My doctor said that other patients had told her the same thing.



I rarely need it now, maybe only once every two years.  But I try to keep one with me at all times because when I need it, I really need it.  I take long walks down and up a hill and if I had an attack at the bottom of the hill I would be in trouble.



It is almost magic, though--one minute it takes a great exertion to breathe and I feel like I am suffocating--then I inhale Ventolin and my bronchial tubes open right up.  It is a lifesaver.



As a child and teenager I did not mind the slight ""rush,""  I even liked it.  Part of that rush may be caused by the deep exhalation and inhalation required to properly ingest the drug."
	I have taken this drug off and on for the past 13 years. I have always had good results with it, but I wanted to go off it to have children. Then, after my last child, I tried to make it without medication, but I realized I couldn't. I am very careful about the medications I take and I don't like being stuck on anything. However, I realized that I needed help and my children needed a happy Mommy. I went back on Prozac (the generic form) 2 months ago and now feel better than I have in years. I can cope with the daily stresses of life without losing my temper, or my mind. I can face the responsibilities of each day without fear, hopelessness, or doubt. I can laugh and enjoy my children. I am truly a new person. I am regretting not going back on this medication sooner.	I am planning on seeing my doctor every 6 months and have my blood checked once a year to check my liver, etc., but so far am doing great. I do see a counselor every 2 weeks, which is invaluable to me.
	Was able to sleep for seven hours at night without waking up.	I get depression quite badly and one of the precursers to that is usualy a period of severe insomnia, over days or weeks. Taking the Seroquel helps to ensure I have enough sleep so that depression doesn't often become a big problem. I know it's prescribed as anti-psychotic, but for me it's the effect ot drowsiness that my doctor desired, as I have no psychoses.
	It did lower my blood pressure, although my physician wanted to lower it further because I started out on 10 mg a day so the medication doseage was raised to 20 mg which as been more effective at lowering my blood pressure.  Even though my blood pressure wasn't dangerously high since cardiovascular issues run in my family my doctor wanted me to take this drug because of family history even though I am young.	Mostly pleased with lisinopril because it is effective at keeping my blood pressure down.  Due to a one time mail in problem with my prescription service I was off the lisinopril for approximately a week and my blood pressure went right back up, and was under control again a few days after starting up.  I keep track of my blood pressure at home and it regularly remains in a very good range of 128/60 or so with some variations.  I am hoping not to stay on the drug for long term but since my blood pressure went right back up after a short time of not taking it I'm not sure how short term it may be.
	This drug improved my mood greatly. I can take more stress at work, in my romantic life, and family situations where as before, I would crawl under a rock and cry. A lot of people say that they don't feel much on this drug, but I think it was low enough to where I could have moderate lows and elevated highs. It helped me control my impulsive behavior with eating.	I took this at noon. It's a strange feeling on this drug because later in the day, I feel a bit strange. Either way, I know what people mean when they say that they feel a lot of indifference come over them at times they should be feeling overwhelming emotions. This drug helps me cope and sometimes I feel like I don't need it anymore, but I go right back on it when I feel the blues creeping up on me again.
	Male to Female transformation   fat re-distribution, breasts and fat alterations in the face. In my case the feminine side was a more slender face	Male to Female transformation   fat re-distribution, breasts and general reshaping fat.  Need to drink lots of water to counter effects of Spiro.
	My skin cleared considerably in about two weeks after starting this medication and has remained relatively clear over the 10 months i have been taking it.  I have far fewer hormonal breakouts around my chin and my skin seems generally less congested with fewer blackheads.  I have also noticed a reducation in oil on the surface of my skin.	I have been taking this product consistently for about 10 months.  I take one tablet, twice a day with meals - usually one at the beginning of the day, another at the end of the day.
	The treatment stopped hair loss and caused some regrowth. Some loss of effectiveness (I beieve due to worsening of underlying condition), but adding a topical solution corrected this.	0.5mg taken 5 x per week in the morning. Started taking avodart but then moved onto generic ('Dutas') with no change in effectiveness.
	The treatment was very effective in producing an erection when sexualy stimulated.	As important as the physical action of the drug is, the psychological effect of being able to function sexually is the greater benefit. The increase in self esteem without the use of anti-depressants is amazing.
	Treatment benefits included prevention of pregnancy, clearer, more manageable skin, reduced menses and significantly reduced cramps. I never had another huge cystic acne after taking this medication. I had very VERY tiny acne occasionally. I mainly went to the doctor for heavy cramps. Now each month I do not suffer from cramps and am very happy.	I always take the pill at night with lots of water. I am told Yasmin increases the amount of potassium and extra water will flush out the excess. This could be a problem because there's been rumors (not confirmed, but rumors) Yaz might have to be either modified or off the market because of this, according to my doctor. It's expensive, I'm not going to lie. I pay almost 70 bucks per month because I have no insurance.  Make sure you exercise on this pill, because I really think it makes you sluggish easily so you could gain more weight. I've never tried generic.
	have gone without a headache or migraine for 3 weeks now.  I have very mild neck pain.	I take 3 flexeral a day at 10mg each.  I take 3 elavil at night at 25mg each.
	I was finally able to breathe, no dry feeling, no post nasal drip, I sing and it helped me tremendously	some blood, but the benefits out weigh the side effect
	The clots eventually completely dissolved over the course of the treatment.	After being diagnosed with thrombophlebitis and deep vein thrombosis twice - once in each leg - the first time through a veinogram and the second time through an ultrasound, I had 11 days in the hospital both times on IV heparin with complete bed rest while my clots which were in the saphenous vein all the way up to the femoral junction, were dissolving.  After my release from the hospital I had 6 months of coumadin therapy.  Through the years I have had sclerotherapy and infrared venous closure procedures. My vein disease has much improved except for capillary bruing/bleeding under the skin which would be considered more of a cosmetic problem, except that it bleeds in one spot that has come to my skin's surface when I bump it,scratch it, or hit it shaving.
	"Valtrex tablets work by stopping the multiplication of the virus which causes herpes. They can reduce the length and severity of an outbreak of herpes, the duration of pain and shorten the time to healing of crusts associated with herpes. Valtrex tablets help the blisters to heal more quickly. If you start

taking them as soon as you feel an outbreak starting, you may actually

prevent the blisters from developing."	I took Valtrex before a laser treatment to prevent the outbreak of cold sores or herpes virus.  The first laser treatment without taking Valtrex caused a herpes/cold sores breakout on my face around the chin area.  After consulting with my physician, he prescribed Valtrex to prevent the outbreaks in future laser treatments.  I learned that the laser triggered the herpes outbreak, since the virus is in a dormant state until it is disturbed and activated by the laser.  I was prescribed 500 mg of Valtrex to be taken 3 days before the treatment, the day of the treatment and three days after the treatment, for a total of seven days.  I took the medication twice a day and started this seven day regime each and every time I had a laser treatment to prevent any outbreaks.
	the medicine was for contraceptive purposes, which it achieved. The medicine also regulated the periods and made them on a more regular basis. It also cleared my skin and helped with acne.	I took one pill a day for 28 days, starting on the first day of the period. I tried to take the pill at approximately the same time each day, to improve the effectiveness of the medication.
	substantial reduction in joint pain caused from arthritis.	i've had knee replacement due to arthritis having deteriorated the joint. This drug reduces the effects of the pain of the joint pain throughout my body which results from hereditary osteo arthritis. I've tried several times to stop using the voltaren since the joint replacement but the pain becomes too severe and so I resume taking the medication.
	The loss of bone mass retarded. It is difficult to measure the efficacy of the drug apart from a bone scan.  I do not nor have ever broken a bone. Considering my weakness in my wrists this drug may be credited with bone integrity.	Actonel or its generic is taken to stop bone loss- which is especially prevalent in thin white older women. It is a pill taken once a week on an empty stomach upon rising in the morning.  After the pill is taken with an 8 oz glass of water, the patient must remain upright  for 30 minutes. It is a bit of a nuisance not to be able to lie down after taking the pill, and to have wait for 30 minutes before the coffee that is brewing and smells so tantalizing is wafting through the house can be drunk!
	the benefits aren't that great but i do get some kind of relief. i am in pain everyday all day.	there really are no treatments but medications. i also go to the foot doctor, to have callouses removed every two weeks caused from arthritis. three drs. have told me i'm walking on the bones in my feet instead of the soles and to forget about working.
	I frequently experience heart palpitations at random times for random durations of time. Atenolol has help to suppress these palpitations, so I don't experience them as often. It has drastically reduced the number of episodes I have and also lessens the pounding feeling when the episodes do occur.	Overall, Atenolol works to lower my blood pressure, which in turn helps limit my number heart palpitation episodes.
	The Ambien did give me a solid nights rest. I did not experience the rapid effect that I've often read about, i.e. that I would fall asleep within 20 minutes even if I was in the middle of an activity. It usually took about 40 minutes to take effect.	Not sure what this means. I was prescribed this drug for insomnia which could have been menopausal related. I took the drug nightly for approximately two years. About half way thru this time I tried to quit but the insomnia returned so I continued. The second time I successfully quite and have not had a problem since that time.
	I had cystic acne, however within the first month i the acne reduced significantly! By the time i was at the 6 month point i had no acne at all. The only down side were the side effects... i felt joint pain, extreme dryness- esp my lips, very dry eyes. I was uncomfortable, however i have been 1 1/2 year without it and i barely get a little zit anymore.	I began the medication at a dose of 30 mg once daily and it was increased to 60 mg... which became the maximum i could handle without significant discomfort.
	I had acne constantly and would break out a few time a week.  My breakouts have gotten better and only occur occaisionally.	I use the Differin gel 0.3% on my face and neck every night.  The Differin has helped with the break outs but I do not notice and difference in lines or wrinkles.
	My pain would subside for several hours. The drug gave me a sense of Euphora which allowed me to deal with the pain better. It gave me a comforting sensation and allowed me to sleep good. My mood changed for the better, almost as if I were high.It actually motivated me to do the things i would normally be too lazy to do. This medication put me in a good mood and a carefree mood.	I began taking this medication as prescribed but it put me in such a good mood I began taking more...and needing more. It works great for anxiety also but when I stopped taking it I had the most horrible withdrawls. I could not sleep. My insides felt like they were jumping. I was awfully tired and depressed. I could not keep my arms and legs still when i sat down. It was horrible. I WAS ADDICTED TO THIS MEDICATION AND I STILL AM.  I am still trying to wean off of it. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MEDICINE TO ANYONE. Especially if you've had an addiction problem with any other pain meds. BEWARE!!!!!!!!
	It helped cure the acne all over the bodyhhhhhhhhhh	My son had bad acne.  Nothing seemed to help.  This was given to help it and it did.  He did not take it for long since he is uncomfotable taking pills.  So now he has acne again.
	Anxiety since childhood was relieved.  Felt free to enjoy life and explore opportunities that once would have been declined due to over anxiety and fear of failure or rejection. Have a much more stable emotional balance.	Only the medication is prescribed, no other forms of therapy are being used.  Plan is to stay on medication at this time, due to the percieved stresses of life and fear of going back to what was.
	going from at least 5 full days of migraine a week i managed 16 whole days without one. then when i did have one it was for 6 straight days and the migraines have been back to as they were before. brief relief was seriously chuffed, now gutted, maybe dosage increase may help???	i started off taking 25mg in the evening for 2 weeks then 25mg in the morning and evening for 2weeks. this then got increased to 75mg and then 100mg
	Premenstral syndrome was diminished.	I take it at night before I sleep.
	Topamax helped decrease the frequency and intensity of my migraines.	Topamax was taken in order to prevent migraines. I also monitored my diet to avoid migraine triggers such as caffeine, aged cheeses, preserved meats, bananas, avocados, beans, dairy products, beer, wine, etc. In addition, I took birth control pills to control hormonal fluctuations. This helped prevent menstrual migraines.
	helps me fall asleep and stay asleep	i have been take amitriptyline for the last 22 years, without too serious side effects. i never miss a dose- if by some reason i dont have it - i will never be able to fall asleep at all. I started on 10mg but now i am taking 35mg, it helps.
	Ortho Tri Cyclen effectively prevented pregnancy, cleared up acne, gave me regular periods, helped with iron deficiency due to blood loss	I began taking Ortho Tri Cyclen at age 20.  It gave me regular periods (they aren't really 'periods,' they are just a withdrawl from the hormones) and less cramping, lighter flow.  It got rid of my acne. I did not get pregnant in my 7.5 years of taking the drug.  I think that eventually the pill prevents you from absorbing nutrients because my iron deficiency came back. I am not sure if the nutrient absorption has anything to do with having bleeding gums more often, but I did have a lot of pain because of a dislodged clot when I got my wisdom teeth removed and the oral surgeon said that this happens more often to women who take birth control. I stopped taking the pill to find more natural ways of birth control, and because my hair was becoming thin and brittle. I also don't like the stories of the effect hormones are having on our environment (going into groundwater).
	Helped greatly in as much as wasnt crying as much and was able to sleep a little better.	Would only take a tablet when I was feeling particularly vulnerable for example at the funeral and times when feeling overcome. I think that this is the best thing about valium you only have to take it when you really need it and it works almost immediately and for me without undesirable side effects. You just have to be careful and not take constantly for long periods of time.I know of many people who have been prescribed the newer anti depressants and have gone through the most horrendous side effects, personally I wouldnt touch them.
	rid patient of emotional highs and lows.  Bring them to an even mamgeable level.  Also eased if not completely diminished all of patients anxiety related syptoms and eased those of the ocd to a more manageable level as well.	Patient is to take 150 mg in the morning and 150 mg in the evening as perscribed and take no sooner than 8 hrs apart.  Best to take last pill in the evening and not directly before bed so that patient will be able to get a good nights rest.
	had a more regular period, knew that i would be getting my period 2 days after i took the ring out. could leave the ring in longer if i wanted to and delay my period. did not feel it at all during any activity. never fell out.	...
	ALLOWED ME TO QUIT SMOKING WITHOUT THE PHYSICAL WITHDRAWL	1 TABLET IN  THE AM ONE IN PM
	I suffered from anxiety for years. My GP prescribed me the Citalopram after I got unfairly dismissed from my job. I didn't feel any difference for 2-3 weeks, then I felt great. I have been enjoying every second of my life since taking this drug.	I have been taking 10mg of Citalopram twice a day after food.
	Zyrtec D helped me live almost symptom free every day. Only during the fall when the ragweed count was exceptionally high (my worst allergy by far), did I feel some mild symptoms of allergies. No other medication has so effectively eliminated my symptoms on a consistent basis.	Take one pill every 12 hours, although on more mild days I could get away with only taking one a day.
	Benefits were milder and less frequent seizures.	Started taking after brain injury due to AVM and radiation treatment.  First seizure was major, requiring hospitalization.  After taking Keppra, a susequent seizure was very mild.
	It relieved my respiratory infection along with my cold and cough.	I was experiencing a persistent cough that was not going away.  In the mornings I also had nasal congestion.  I finally went to the doctor and was diagnosed with a respiratory infection.  The doctor prescribed me Tussionex and told me to take a spoonful once a day for 7 days.  It started to work very quickly.  Aside from a little drowsiness and dry mouth I did not experience any serious side effects.
	As an ADD child unable to process information propertly, the medication helped her get focused and understand better while in school.  Her anxiety level was controlled and helped loose some weight.  She was able to control better the outburst socially.	Medication was prescribed while in second grade.  Socially and academically it helped her quite significantly.  In school she was in special classes and the medicationhas helped her get mainstreamed into regular classes.  She is able to soialize a bit better along with therapy.  Her level of anxiety is better making her behave a little more relaxed and controlling regular outbursts.  It also helped her in her weight due to the anxiety control.  Definately able to see the difference when not taking the medication.  Difficult to be in school without it.
	Extremely effective appetite suppresant. Provides long-term energy and appetitie control throughout the day. Helps patient easily lose weight.	Take one capsule at 10 am and another at 2 pm for appetite control throughout the day. It's best to go to bed at a reasonable hour before the appetite suppression fades.
	I was able to focus and get things done.  I wasn't overwhelmed with the amount of things I had to do and didn't get discouraged as easily as usual.	I had no problems with the medication.  I don't take it every day.
	The effexor worked the first day I took it.  For some time previously, I had felt "paralyzed," or too depressed to get much done.  The day I began taking it, I noticed a difference in that I felt more able to get out of the house, and able to cope with the difficulties of mothering 6 children full-time. As I said, it worked the first day, but continued to work better and better over the next 3 weeks until I worked up to my eventual dose (I started at 37 mg. and worked my way up to 300 mg.).	"I'm not clear on what is wanted in this section.  I will do my best, and if you wish to email me with a request for specific info, I will be happy to help.  I was seeing a psychiatrist 9 years ago who thought Effexor was worth a try.  I had been on Prozac a few yrs previous, and although it worked really well, after taking it for two years I developed the side effect of experiencing arthritic pain in my hands.  That was the reason I discontinued the use of Prozac. After being off the Prozac or any other meds for a year or two, I could feel myself sliding back into the black hole of depression and severe anxiety.  I found a doctor (psychiatrist)and he put me on Effexor.  It was a miracle.  I was soooo happy to find something that worked so well, and on the first try. (Several years before, I had gone through what my family refers to as the ""year of hell,"" when I first began the journey of searching for an anti-depressant that would work AND not have side effects that kept me from functioning normally.) My treatment consisted of: Taking the 300 mg of effexor, and monthly visits to my psychiatrist to determine how well my effexor was working and to discuss other treatment options. Although I could notice a marked difference in my mood, I still felt that I wasn't nearly as healthy mentally as I needed to be.  I would still have days when I felt ""paralyzed"" and very anxious.  When I discussed the problem with my psych., he suggested that I add Luvox, another anti-depressant, to my regimen.  That helped as well, although there were two unpleasant side effects: 1) loss of sex drive and difficulty achieving orgasm, and 2) night sweats.  My doc prescribed 1 mg of hytrin for the night sweats; it worked, and he recommended 60 mg. ginko biloba daily for the loss of sex drive.  It may have helped a little, but I was never quite sure. One other thing I found beneficial for my anxiety was 10 mg. dexadrine.  It seemed contradictory to me that a stimulant would calm me down, but the very first day I took it, I felt calm for the first time in my life. Up until then I didn't realize how severe my anxiety was, because I had never known what it was like to be without it. But that very first day I took it, I felt a calmness come over me that was such a relief.  Always before, I had a feeling inside that I can only explain as the feeling one would get if one was late for an important meeting with one's boss.  Sort of like, ""I'm late! Gotta hurry! oh, no!""  That was a feeling that I had always had, and it had nothing to do with what my situation was-- late or early, it made no difference.  For the first two weeks I took the Dexadrine, I didn't pull my hair (trichotillomania)at all, nor did I even realize I wasn't pulling, as I didn't even think about it.  Unfortunately, I did go back to pulling after that. The 2 side effects I experienced with the dex. is that 1) it made me drowsy for about the first hour after I took it, and 2) it made me feel like I lost my spontaneity.  I got a lot more done, and I didn't feel so panicked, but I wasn't as much fun.  For that reason, I stopped taking it regularly and took it maybe only half of the time.  After maybe a year or two I quit taking it altogether and when I went back on it last year after having been off of it for about 5 years, it no longer worked as it had before.  It made me feel jittery as though I'd had way too much coffee.  It just made the anxiety worse.



I'm not sure if I was supposed to tell about more than one medication for this survey. However, these four meds I've mentioned were all sort of intertwined, so it seemed appropriate for me to do so. I have taken a myriad of other anti-depressants in my quest to find one that would work, and I would be willing to share my experiences with those other meds as well. Just let me know if you want mori info."
	blood pressure came to with in normal limits, overall feeling of well-being and reduced risk of longterm cardiovascular copmlications	"tenormin 25 twice daily

felodipine 10 mg once daily

Losartan 50 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg once daily

Regular exercise

moderate salt restiction

smoking cessation and alcohol moderation

stress management techniques like yoga or meditation"
	The drug rapidly gets rid of migraine.	I take one dose at onset of headache.  I repeat doses of the drug at one hour intervals if headache gets better but then worsens again.
	I was able to fall asleep and stay asleep.	Lorazepam was prescribed inability to fall asleep. Also, if needed during the day for anxiety. I never took it during the day for anxiety, only at night to aid in sleep. I have stopped taking it and have not had a panic attack in 2 days.
	reduced or eliminated adult acne on face, chest, and back	I've tried every topical treatment for acne, both presciption and non-prescription.  I've had microdermabrasion and AHA peels.  I've tried oral and topical anti-biotics.  Spironolactone is the only acne treatment that has ever worked for me to a satisfactory level.
	My whole lip used to swell up and I would get over a dozen little pockets of fluid that would merge into one giant blister. Now, cold sores appear 1/2 as often as before - down to every other month at most. One or two little pockets of fluid usually appear without the unsightly swelling. The cold sore is dried up within 24 hrs. They became unnoticeable to everyone.	I have been taking Acyclovir daily for 1 year so far and will continue as long as my doctor allows me to.
	Mood lifted considerably. Able to live life again. Life is much lighter. I am no longer oversensitive, things like life's little injustices don't hurt so much anymore. My daily experiences in this initial period can be followed on: http://nortriptyline.blogspot.com/ where I am keeping a diary. This is for the benefit of others who are indecisive and want to know more details before embarking on a course of medication themselves with nortriptyline.	So far the treatment is only to take one tablet a day, and occasionally an Oxazepam in the first two weeks, if I am afraid of falling back into a depression. I started taking both for the first three days, but will soon leave off the Oxazepam. We'll see what happens, it can be followed on my above-mentioned blog. In any case so far I am happy I am taking this medication, I feel much better. I was severely depressed when I started taking it, but the depression seems quite suppressed now.
	Hard, sustained erections. Penetration is not a problem and there's no longer any concern about losing an erection too soon.  Lasting longer seems to result in more intense orgasms.	One 10mg.tablet after dinner consistently results in a very hard erection with an hour.  The effects most always last a minimum of 24 hours and occasionally longer.
	I no longer felt depressed. I felt back to "my old self" and able to function normally in everyday activities.	I took one pill every morning.
	I made a good recovery from a moderate depressive illness and I believe that maintenance therapy has prevented me from relapsing especially when i have been under additional stress .I only have to take it once per day. I have only had one increase in dosage from 75mg to 150 mg	I was clinically depressed about 8 years ago ,under alot of work based stress and looking after a young famiy,Eventually saw my GP who prescribed Venlafaxine &%mg which worked well. Some time later my mood dipped..I cant recall the details and the dose was increased . I have been unable to come off it . I tried Fluoxetine at one point but this was not nearly as eefective . I am waiting till I retire to withdraw because I cant afford to take time off work ..not financially,just becaue of my commitments
	Patient reported fewer mood swings, with very few side effects. Less affective toward depression, but she was able to reduce the amount of lithium, which caused extensive side-effects. This medication was implemented as part of her regular treatment plan.	Medication, diet/exercise
	Lost 52 pounds with the meds and a diet program.  Was able to reduce the amount of dose on the diabetic meds.	This was an off label use of topomax which was under the supervision of my doctor who saw me regularly for diabetes.  It was important to lose weight to improve the diabetic condition.  It was supportive in helping me maintain the discipline of the diet program that the doctor also recommended so that with the combined approach I succeeded in losing 52 pounds in a slow, healthy manner.
	The biggest benefit was when I quit smoking, because I had been taking it for a while...it proved to assist with the cravings...it's probably why I was able to quit in the first place.	Started taking anti-depressant when my Mother passed away.  Started a low-dose and increased over a period of 3 months.  I believe Wellbuterin was very beneficial and did not have major side effects.  I stopped taking them 2 months ago and haven't had any withdrawal symptoms.
	The drug worked on reducing/eliminating my situational feelings of depression.  Initially, it increased my energy and focus, and stopped the feelings of sadness.  It did not make me feel like a "zombie" and I felt connected to my emotions and the people around me, which I had heard was a side effect of other anti-depressants.	I started on 150 mg for 2 weeks on the brand name drug once a day.  It seemed like as soon as I was switched to the generic 300mg, the energy and focus benefits stopped.  There is no way to know if it was the switch to generic or just my body getting used to the drug, but it was dissapointing.  I really enjoyed the energy.  I weaned myself off after 1 year because I didn't need it anymore.  I did not have any significant withdrawal symptoms.  Overall it was a positive experience, although I was glad to not need it anymore.
	It is very effective, especially if you take it early enough. But even if you wait till the cold sore is larger, it still stops the growth of cold sores completely, and helps to heal pretty quick. id say within 2-3 days. Its so worth it if you are like me, and get cold sores ALLLLL the time. (at LEAST 10 times a year, no joke) I have to have the medicine with me at all times. The sad thing is, I'm only allowed 4 refills a year, so I have to lower my dosage, but, it still works.	I take 3 per day for about 2- 3 days on the onset of a cold sore. I recommend you use as directed, also be sure to drink PLENTY of liquids (no alcohol) while taking the medicine. Also, be sure you arent on any other medications that effect your kidneys, liver, or stomach. Also, only take it on the ONSET of a cold sore. Not every day for the rest of your life.
	Regained hair growth. Minoxidil first increased hairloss (normal during the first weeks of using). New hair started to grow after around seven months. I have now regained my normal hairgrowth. The hairs itself have a slightly larger diameter and are bit more curled.	Was prescribed this drug in a 5% solution by my dermatologist when suffering from Alopecia Androgenetica. He advised to apply a 1 ml dose twice daily.
	lessening of pain, some increase in mobility - took abt 7 mos. to see improvement	Took 2 tabs twice daily.
	After 20 years of visiting dermatologists and trying every topical and oral treatment available accutane is the only medication that COMPLETELY cured my acne, improved skin texture, pore size, and minimized the mild pits/scarring I had.  It has been 10 years and my acne never returned.	"I was started on a low dose, which cleared my acne in a couple of months but my doctor then had me repeat another 4 month session to make sure the clearing of my skin was permanent.



I know there has been a great deal of controversy about this drug and its side effects.  But for me, it is the one medicine that I have taken that made an enormous difference in my life."
	Very effective in obtaining a mild peel, to slough off dead skin cells, every 15 days or so.	Tazarotene cream was applied to the face at bedtime and washed off in the morning
	Ostensibly this product will prevent further hair loss. While the initial male pattern baldness is mild, I fear worsening of the condition, and am taking this as a preventive measure.	I began taking the product to stave off the onset of male pattern baldness. As the treatment is said to show full effects in two years, my four-week course is probably not enough to show results. I will report again in due time.
	this drug kept my sugar down constantly to where it should be finally.i am very satisfied with it so far.	i take byetta 2 x daily before lunch and dinner.after i eat i take my metformin and my amaryl.this works great for me.the doctor is trying to help me loose weight and get off the amaryl.
	There was little to no benefit from taking the medication. Acne did not visibly improve over the entire course of medication.	The treatment consisted of taking minocycline for 3 months everyday 2x/day. It was taken with after dinner with a full glass of water. The pills were not large, and easy to swallow.
	I have tried various alternatives to penicillin and this has been the best. I had a nasty cat bite (a tooth stuck in my bone, so it was deep). I was told I was highly likely to get a a deep and painful infection given the depth of the bite. So I was warned to take all of these or I'd be back later for IV treatment and it would be a far longer course. Well, I took 8 of the 10 days prescribed and not only did I never get an infection, I had few side effects. There was, perhaps, a slight stomach upset but not even enough to need what I standardly use -- yogurt. I'd recommend this to those who need a penicillin replacement.	I took the Doxycycline for 8 of the ten days prescribed, taking two pills per day.
	I woke up with a more relaxed jaw. I have bruxism which is the medical term for the grinding of teeth or the clenching of jaws. So if I have alot of tension in my jaw before I go to bed I will grind my teeth which will lead to migraines. Taking Cyclobenzaprine(Flexeril) before I go to bed helps me avoid waking up in pain due to Bruxism.	It has been only 1 week of taking Cyclobenzaprine so I may experience different side effects the more I take it. So far this medication has worked for me. I did notice one very positive benefit from taking this medication this 1 week. I started this medication around the same time I start to get PMS symptoms "Mainly very moody and argumentative" and I'm amazed how Cyclobenzaprine effected my PMS symptoms. I have absolutely been the most pleasant person to be around.  It feels great to be myself and not angry at everything.
	Treatment of skin infection.	Take 1 capsule by mouth three times daily for 10 days.
	As a former drug addict, I flat refused anything that would be addictive. ie diazepam, tamazepam, etc. My doctor suggested buspar as it was not addictive, and yet had similar effects to diazepam. He prescribed it on a prn basis, and i was sceptical. However, within 20 minutes of taking it, the effects were astounding. Anxiety subsided, and a feeling of warmness enveloped me. One dose lasted about 5 hours, and did not inhibit any other aspect of my day to day activites. It also helped with my disrupted sleep patterns.	Its meant to be used as a short term treatment for anxiety, no more than 3 months. But my gp said i can take it using a three month on, three month off rotation. Works for me.
	got rid of fine lines around my eyes. It also improved my overall complexion. Minimized line between my eyebrows.	use every other day a pea sized amt to entire face. Don't use more than this or you'll get peeling, redness and irritation.
	I started to feel better within a few weeks, the side effects were very mild, MAJOR WEIGHT LOSS, ABOUT 10LBS, I have energy I never had before. My anxiety no longer exsists.	I started on 37.5mg and worked my way up to 150mg.
	increased concentration, additional energy, able to complete projects, more patient with my children and now volunteer in my spare time helping children.	Was started on 2.5 mg daily and was increased slowly.  I never finished school, back then we didnt have add/adhd just lazy students.  I wanted to finish school for twenty four years and never could.. I recently took my GED and passed. I am now looking into college courses.  I do feel I could benefit from a slight increase in my dose or a longer acting does as I lose concentration around early evening (study time)
	The nexium provided two benefits.  First, it completely stopped the constant heartburn.  I have not had one second of heart burn since I started taking the drug.  Second, it healed the Barret's esophagus completely.  This has been verified by my GI doctor via two upper endoscopies and biopsies.  Nexium is a miracle drug.	I take the nexium first thing in the morning, 30 minutes before I eat breakfast
	The acne cleared up for a while but soon after discontinuing use it would return.  It reduced breakouts significantly.	The treatment was to cover entire affected area twice daily until acne cleared up.  Was not supposed to use any other topical treatments with the cream.
	When I started taking this medication I was first put on 150mgs twice a day. After about 6 months felt that it was not really working. After Dr upped dosage to 450 mgs per day i have never felt better. Use to be extremely emotional, weepy, and just did not want to get out of bed. It has helped with my symptoms from the fibromyalgia, and my anxiety. It has also helped me drop weight which is a bonus too.	Suffering from depression, fibromyalgia, and anxiety taking this medication has helped stablize my moods, which helps with my flare ups from the fibromyalgia. My depression has also gotten so much better. i have suffered from depression since I gave birth to my daughter in 1992.
	better T scores after 2 years	You must take this with alot of water first thing in the morning on the same day of the week. You need to sit or stand for an hour after taking the pill and wait that long until eating anything
	Actually the Amitriptyline greatly helped with getting to sleep each night as an added benefit. It is an antidepressant but used in this case to break a cycle of tension headaches. The pattern of tension headaches was broken and the headaches have not since returned. It also acted as a migraine headache preventative.	One tablet per night for three months.
	improved texture, reduced comedones a little on some parts of face, yet produced a flare up of acne on forehead and chin. since other users had similar reaction at the initial 6 -10 weekss of usage, i am waitng for this unpleasant effect to wear off.	daily use for 4 weeks and at present, used after applying cerave moisturizer, very smalll amount was more effective, as fewer side effects. spf 30 every day to prevent burn.
	Taking the rivotril made me sleepy at first but then it just calmed me down enough to be able to cope with life.  I was constantly anxious and scared and the rivotril made it possible for me to come down to relatively normal anxiety levels in "safe" situations, whereas before I didn't have any situations I considered safe.  It helped me sleep and made me feel more rested and in control.  I got pregnant while taking it (I had been trying for 18 years) and I honestly believe that being more relaxed helped me not only to get pregnant but to carry the baby as I had had four miscarraiges previously.  I started confronting situations that were uncomfortable to me before and was able to live a reasonably normal life, even though I have become housebound.  I feel the rivotril got me through a very tough time in my life.	"I was told that panic attacks were caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain in the same area that caused epileptic fits.  As Rivotril is a sedative and is given to people with epilepsy they had found that it also helped alleviate panic attacks.  I was prescribed it for this reason.  I am unable to take anti-depressants which also stop panic attacks because of strong side effects so this was a better choice for me at the time.



I feel that it did the job, but had I known I would be on it for the rest of my life I'm not sure I would have started taking it.  But maybe if I was desperate like I was then I would.  I was concerned about taking it while pregnant but my child was normal.  She did have bad withdrawal symptoms though after I stopped breast feeding her.  No one realized that was what was happening when she cried all the time for seemingly no reason.  Back then it was unknown that going off the drug caused withdrawal as the drug had never been used short term.  Only for epileptics for life.  She is 13 now and perfectly normal.  However I do feel guilty about having put her through that."
	"Since I was very young, a child, I suffered debilatating headaches.  Often they became true migraines.  They would last for days and days, sometimes weeks

without stop.  I missed school, parties, holidays.  I was scared to make plans

to do anything fearing the pain.  I pretty much went to bed with some degree of head pain and woke up with it everyday.  I had no clue what it would be like to

live without them.  Sometime late in 1999 I went to my pharmacy to pick us some

prescritions, that were not working anyway, and one of the tech who suffered

headaches constantly was smiling and seemed so different.  Her eyes were wide

open,  she seemed happy, etc.  She told me her Doctor had put her on Elavil

and within days her headaches subsided.  I went straight to my pain management

physician and asked for Elavil. Two weeks later I started going whole days

without head pain.  I went to sleep easily and slept till morning.  I looked

forward to doing things.  I woke up without pain.  What a miracle!  I have

probably had only two or three actual migraines in the last eight years.  When

I do get a slight headache it usually disappears within a short time without

additional meds.  Needless to say my entire life changed. I am a better wife, mother, daughter, friend.  I take the generic and notice no difference from

Elavil.  Thank you Elavil."	I take one 150 mg tablet of generic Elavil at bedtime.
	I found metro gel to be irritating and drying. My face seemed more red than before I started taking it. It was actually uncomfortable from dryness. I did not want to use the cream because it seemed to be heavy, possibly leading to breakouts. My doctor then gave me a presciption for noritate, which did not have the side effects I mentioned above. Plus, you only have to use it once per day, which I like alot.	see above
	The treatment definitely increased productivity for me during the day when before I had experienced far too much fatigue to work effectively or focus	I was originally prescribed 1 tablet bid and discovered that for me, reducing the dosage to 1/2 tablet worked much better. I am about 5'4" and weigh 140 lbs. I now use the medication only on an as needed basis rather than take it daily, which is not necessary as my energy levels vary quite a bit. It was also suggested that I try Flexoril (sp) to see if the cause for my fatigue was caused by pain or discomfort which kept me from getting adequate sleep. That was not effective unless I wanted to miss  a day from even more fatigue than usual.
	I was more alert during the day.	I take 200mg every morning. It keeps me from feeling tired, but doesn't help me feel rested. At night have to take a sleeping pill so that I actually fall asleep.
	The medicine gave me that added energy to feel good during the day and to have the engergy to keep up with me 4 year old son and 3 year old daughter. It didn't make me jittery. It just boosted my energy. It did give me considerable dry mouth. I did notice that I would be a little more tired if I didn't take it for a couple of days. I think it is mildly addictive. Overall, I gained more benefit from it than negatives. I did worry about blood pressure because it did seem to increase my heartrate. I would recommend it to those who suffer from mild depression and/or just need a little extra energy boost. The medication is actually to treat narcolepsy, a condition in which a patient falls asleep at random times and has trouble staying awake.	I took 1 tablet every morning. 100 mg. It was important to take it in the morning. If I took it at night, I would be up all night.
	I've been on meds for depression/anxiety for over 20 years and have tried many medications and combinations. Nothing has ever effectively controlled my depression but Lamictal seems to have stabilized my condition at a tolerable level. I am more mentally "resilient".....I don't stay down too long; I'm able to bounce back quickly from a depressive state. I'm also taking Mirtazapine (30mg; 2 a day). Maybe it's the combination that helps. I was recently taking Pristiq and Mirtazapine and was terribly depressed. I quit taking the Pristiq and began Lamictal and had and a very quick improvement.	I take one 150MG tablet each morning.
	The benefits of the treatment are clearer, eventoned facial skin.  Much firmer and healthier looking skin.	Applied Retin-A everynight after washing skin.  Waited about 20 minutes after washing face before applying.  Used a large pea sized amount on entire face.
	I feel much better and this is only the second day on the medication. When the Prednisone is in my system it feels like I am almost completely better. Once it wears off (before my next day) I am still sick but better than the day before.	Before I started on the Prednisone I was sick for 2 weeks with a viral infection the chest (chest) my wheezing was really bad and I was prescribed to Symbicort Corticosteroid inhaler twice per day to help with the inflammation and airways. After a few days I was still getting worse and did feel  minimal comfort from the puffer, and my overall infection was getting worse. I went back to the doctor and they added in a Ventolin puffer to open the airways 2 puffs 4 times per day in between the symbicort. 5 days later I went back to the doctor wheezing more and with a sort of stuffy nose and serious nasal pain (mostly from coughing so much. He told me I caught a sinus infection since the steroid lowers your emmmune system and makes it easier to catch another infection. He then prescribed me to 50 mg of Prednisone each day for a 3 day term so that it could tackle the inflammation fast so that the cortisone puffer would be able to catch up ( it couldn't work fast enough as it takes a while to start working) and also prescribed me to Amoxicillin for the sinus infection (since it was caused by bacteria) He said he would have prescribed me the antibiotic even if i didn't catch the sinus infection as an immune booster since prednisone lowers your immune system.. I took my first prednisone yesterday for the first time, it made me feel good for 9 hours or so but gave me some joint pain. The next day I felt a little better but still coughing and sick until I took the Prednisone again. (today at 2:00pm) It is now 11:00pm and I am flighing high (thats probably why I am writing in a blog and feel awesome, I feel like I could run a marathon. I also just drank a coffee and I don't think it helped. No coughing. Hopefully I can sleep tonight.. I used to take Ritalin for ADD and this kind of feels like that. I think tomorrow I will feel a little better, great again when I am on the Prednisone, and hopefully after that the puffer will Finnish off fixing the inflammation. Did anyone get hearing loss when taking prednisone? Its like when your on an airplane and your ears need to be popped but you cant pop them. I checked online and all I could find is prednisone fixes hearing loss..haha.. weird anyways.. Overall I think it works great!
	After adjusting to the medication, focus and alertness improved significantly.  Fatigue and trouble "becoming bored" disappeared and I was ablve to focus on school studies and work for the first time in many many years.  No stimulant effect was felt, but it even became fun to actually sit down on a couch and just read a book.	Have tried Ritalin for ADD and while it worked the stimulant effect was disturbing and way too much.  Wellbutrin seemed to not do a thing, but after 1 week of taking provigil the effect was enourmously obvious.
	"I'm  taking better care of myself and my appearance. I'm interacting with people and don't feel so detached from others. I'm starting to look forward to things again after feeling numb for so long.

Minimal side effects and only lasted a few days. I couldn't tolerate any other anti-D's that I tried because of side effects."	"I was skeptical that depression even existed so delayed my psych's advice in taking it for a year.

 Got to the point I felt so bad I admitted I had a problem and began a small dose of 1/4 tablet once a day. 

That's all I need for now too. I feel completely different from how I did 3 months ago - I have a personality again! The low days aren't so low and don't paralyze me anymore.

My appetite is normal again after having none for months. The only weight I put on is what I lost and that's because I'm feeling better and have my appetite back. Still underweight but I'm on the way to being healthy again.

I feel more alive and positive. I don't feel so withdrawn, guilty and ashamed for no reason. It's not a miracle pill and you have to do the work to get there but Lexapro is helping me to 'get there'. I'll take it for as long as I need to. Find a good Dr and PLEASE listen to them and take it if you need to. Don't live in misery because of the stigma society sometimes puts on mental health issues. Screw society and put your mental health first!"
	Seemed to take effect after the first dose. I noticed a considerable reduction in my anxiety and feelings of sadness. I was able to overlook the little things where as before they would really get to me. I was having all kinds of muscle twitches so I went to see my doctor who examined me and decided it was due to my stress levels. I am a mother and a wife and I was reluctant to take anything to help with my situation but am now glad I did.. I am only a week into it so I guess time will tell. But so far I am happy with the results.	I am to meet up with my doctor again after 2 weeks to see how it is affecting me. I am taking 10mg once a day in the afternoon after lunch. I have made an appointment with a therapist to also help me. I don't see this as a forever fix but for now it is doing the trick..... Meanwhile it allows me to focus and feel like I want to better myself so in the end I am hoping that this is just a bandaid until I heal myself or find a way to deal with things as needed.
	Eliminated nicotine cravings and made smoking cessation very easy.	first week 1 pill per day while smoking continued. Doubled dosage from day 8 on and stopped smoking. Was able to stop taking medication after 3 weeks. No smoking recurrence for 10 months.
	helped to stay awake, without the side effects that I had when I used to take dexedrine, like jittery, agitation, dry mouth	100-150 mg a day, 100mg taken in the am, 50mg in pm (if needed) to help with daytime sleepiness, caused by narcolepsy.  I usually do not take the afternoon dose unless I feel really tired and nervous about driving.
	I grew about half my hair back on top of my head.	I'm using the generic brand to save money. I've been using it for 6 to 7 months and I noticed hair regrowth within the second month.i did not do any research on the side effects and now that I think of it my eractions arn't what they use to be. I'm wondering if I stop using this drug if I will start balding again and the side effects will go away?
	reduction in severity and duration of migraines	one pill at onset of migraine.  can take every twelve hours
	I was perscribed this after I decided to quite narcotic pain killers.  I was taking fairly large doses of Oxycotin and switched to Voltaren 75mg.  They will not touch my pain.  I guess I have a high tolerance for pain meds.  I don't believe they would be effective for people with chronic moderate to severe pain.	I was perscribed 75mgs X 2 per day.  I take double that amount and still have very little relief.
	being able to sleep/decrease anxiety surrounding  getting to sleep and staying asleep. Also taken during times of high anxiety. Helped to control anger outbursts and uncontrolled anxiety.	take as needed for anxiety when going to bed/sleep. I have a hard time falling asleep and staying asleep and this medication seemed to take the edge off of my anxiety so that I could fall asleep and then stay asleep. Or at least get back to sleep and not feel startled.
	I had been on many different treatments for depression throughout most of my adult life and the side effects seamed to outweigh the benefits.  Since starting to take wellbutrin my sex drive returned, my ambition and motivation returned.  On my last medication I was going to sleep at 8 p.m and sleeping until morning then requiring a nap in the afternoon and now I sleep 7-8 hrs a night and have enough energy to get through most of my days.  I had a 5 lb weight loss in the beginning that I have maintained.  Over all I feel I am managing my depression better than I have at any time in the past.	I went up to 450mg once a day but cut back to 300mg a day about 6-8 mnths ago and didn't find I was less able to cope with my depression. I do find that I feel depressed more often but I recognize the signs of the depression and use coping stragies to deal with what is happening.
	Treatment benefits were to address pain and discomfort.  It was perscribed to me after I was in the hospital instead of Vicaden (spelling?), as Vicaden does not suite me well.  The medication began working after about 45 minutes of taking it and (for me) lasted over 6 hours.	The treatment was for pain and was taken by myself for a situation that could not have been allieviated by medical attention.  I had an ovarian cyst rupture.  My doctor and the ER told me there was really nothing for them to do other than wait for it to be reabsorbed.  So, pain medication was my last resort.  I took a few of these pills over two days to help alleviate my extreme pain.
	able to sleep through the night	prescribed by a psychiatrist after the patient failed to get good results with over the counter sleep remedies.
	lifted depression, calmed violent mood swings	"I started treatment when I was in what seemed like a mixed state--barely able to leave my bed at times, having to go into the bathroom at work to cry nearly every day, having strong urges to self-mutilate, and having a lot of suicidal ideation. I was also very agitated and angry, lashing out at loved ones for seemingly no reason. Lamotrigine started lifting the depression almost immediately, and once I hit the theraputic dose of 200 mg, it was like a cloud lifted overnight. I still have some ups and downs, but nothing major, and even when destructive thoughts cross my mind, I'm able to push them away more easily.



I have recently had a rather intense relapse into bulimia, but I doubt that's related to the lamotrigine either way."
	I have severe pain in my lower abdomin that was so strong I couldn't sleep nor move around very well. Luckily I sit mostly at work so I was able to deal with a little while, but eventually I went to the ER and they prescribed me this. Which I have never heard or taken before.	Overall I am going to a OBGYN specialist next week and they are going to  determine what is the exact problem. As urgent care and the hospitalcould not figure it out, which scares me truthfully. Hopefully I will not have to take anything and the pain will go away. I recommend this to anyone who has moderate to severe pain as it has helped me dramatically, good luck to all. Pain is not something I wish on anyone.
	Paxil quickly improved my depression and also helped with mild anxiety issues I was experiencing.  I was very pleased with the speed with which my depression improved.  Within four weeks I was feeling better than I had felt in a very long time.  I have been on it for two months and am still improving.	I went to the doctor due to problems associated with my depression.  I had been taking Wellbutrin but it seemed to be losing its effect.  The doctor recommended adding another antidepressant to boost the Wellbutrin.  I attempted three other anti-depressants but had severe side effects. Zoloft, Lexapro, and Celexa all caused me to have severe diarrhea.  During the four weeks that I stayed with Zoloft I experienced little improvement and lost 15 pounds as a result of the diarrhea and lack of appetite.
	focus is better during school. he is able to take test better. weekends and summer breaks are great while the pill is working.	meds regular with ritalin at 4pm then clonadine at bedtime.
	Frova eliminated Migraine Headaches and the effect would last 24 hours.	As soon as a migraine was detected a Frova would be administered.  If the migraine was intercepted immediately the Frova was succesful with relieving pain and the chance of a rebound headache was slim.  If a frova was not administered immediately a maxalt was taken then two hours afterwards a frova.  This would eliminate pain for twenty four to thirty hours. On occasion a rebound headache would occur.
	I experienced less depression, increased libido plus the added benefit of decreased desire for cigarettes.	Prescribed at 300 mg per day, have taken as much 450 mg per day. I like this drug because it has few side effects.
	Slowed heart rate, lowered blood pressure and helped eliminate head-aches that I atributed to increasing BP.	BP meds are taken on a daily basis, and I try to take the meds at the same time each day. I do not take these meds on a with or w/o food timetable.
	The patient's was able to see positive effects in 2 weeks time.  She noted an improvement in mood, spouse noted a reduction in symptoms relating to prementrual syndrome, and a return of normal sleep patterns.  Overall return of positive mood and enjoyment of previous activities.	Treatment was easy to administer, being only once a day, and could be altered easily (am or pm).  There were no cardiovascular side effects, no dizziness, blurred vision, or nausea associated with treatment with 10 mg. paroxetine.  The  such as reduced craving for carbohydrates and feeling full earlier during a meal were not considered problematic.  The patient's clinical signs of depression, which were insomnia, and reduced enjoyment of former hobbies were reversed within a short period of time (2-3 weeks).
	Taking Tramadol has resulted in the effective management of chronic pain due to severe TMJ.	Tramadol was prescribed after suffering from TMJ for over 20 years. I suffered from chronic pain due to severe TMJ complications.  In addition, the TMJ was causing migraine headaches and insomnia.  After all conventional methods of treatment (e.g., exercises, mouth appliances etc.) and drugs (e.g, ibuprofen) did not alleviate the problem, symptoms or pain, the only option left was surgery.  Because surgery for TMJ conditions is not a guarantee for success, I was reluctant to agree to the procedure.  Finally, as a last resort, I met with a doctor who specialized in chronic pain management and I was prescribed Tramadol, 100 mg/twice daily.  This drug has worked extremely well for the past 11 years in controlling the pain.
	The drug caused the depression to recede to the point that I was able to function normally. The libido lowering effects of a prior antidepressent (SSRI) were alleviated completely. I was able to lose excess weight gained during treatment with the other SSRI	I took one tablet per day 300 mg of the Wellbutrin XL.
	Decongestion, elimination of sinus pressure and tearing of eyes	I switched from 12 hour to 24 hour however feel that the 12 hour tablet met my needs better than the 24 hour tablet.  The 24 hour tablet seemed to run out of steam and during the heavy allergy season, my syptoms would reappear.
	Mild lightening of age and sun spots.	"Started using the cream every other night and increased it to every night. It somewhat lightened my freckles and age spots pretty quickly (within a couple of weeks) but after that stopped helping. I also had a brown patchy area on my leg that has been around forever. I used it as my ""test"" patch to monitor progress. Just like my face it lightened the spot pretty quickly and then stopped working. The spot since then has remained lighter but has never gone away altogether. 

I would say I saw a 25% improvement in the sun spots on my face.  I have a lot of them so overall it didn't really make a difference in how my skin looks. 

I did not have much irritation when I started using this product but I had been using Retin A before I started the Tri Luma so maybe my skin was used to it already. I did notice that it stung the skin around my eyes when I used it on the brown spots high up on my cheekbones.

Also, was told it would help reduce acne and breakouts.  It did not which is disappointing. 

I use 50+ sunscreen every day and stay out of direct sunlight."
	Weight loss of over 10 pounds in 4 months, continuing weight loss at a gradual rate (need to lose 40 pounds total).  Complete curbing of sugar and carbohydrate cravings, increased appetite control, cessation of binge eating patterns.	Began at 500 mg once daily, increased to 500 mg twice daily, then increased to 2000 mg (1000 mg twice daily).  I believe that the slow increase of the dosage helped control any negative side effects.  It took about 3 months to really start noticing a difference, but that could be due to the titrating schedule.  I am also trying to be more conscious of what I do eat and when, which is helping with the weight loss and appetite issues.
	Prevented a recurrence of the leg and lung clots during the period of therapy and helped the body stabilize long enough to repair and/or work around the damaged areas, eventually resulting in elimination of pain and swelling.	Prescribed Coumadin after DVT and PE stay (with IV heparin first) for six months. Weekly blood tests until INR levels stabilized, then biweekly. One 5 mg pill taken daily with warnings to watch food, drug and supplement intake.
	Lamictal is by far the best medicine that I have been perscribed. It almost has completly controlled my depression which was very severe, and has almost completly controled my mania. I still get slightly hypomanic, but this has not been a problem for me.	I am currently taking it, and started taking it again in September 2009. I now take 150mg once a day. I have not had any side effects since I started taking it again in september.I partially believe that the reason it is so effective now is that I am 20 lbs heavier than I was when I first took Lamictal and because I now take a lower dose.
	The skin rash was better	I originally had lamisil cream to treat a  pretty bad case of ringworm.  After about 4 days the rash was spreading and so I went back and received oral Lamisil. I took that for 14 days and the rash was lighter but still there. The doctor then prescribed Ketoconazole and after 3 days the rash was significantly lighter. By the end of the prescription the rash was almost completely gone.
	More enrgy,better memory and concentration and clarity	Injection of testosterone and oral tablets of Deprenyl
	Cosopt reduced my occular pressure in both eyes by nearly one third which pleased my eye doctor. The treatment benefits are long term. Reducing occular pressure will prolong eyesight by preserving the optical nerves. Sorry not 50 words.	I had elevated occular pressure that needed to be reduced and my doctor put me on xalatan which caused my eyelashes to begin to thicken and become dark in a couple of months so I had him put me on something else so we went to cosopt. After a time I felt like this was causing increased hair loss so I looked up drug side effects and cosopt was listed as causing hair loss so I had him change it again then I started alphagan p and azopt. My eyes after nearly two months time turned red and never cleared up so the doctor dropped the alphagan p and replaced it with timilol 0.25 percent. The redness quickly went away. Now with azopt in each eye once in the morning and once at bedtime and timilol 0.25 in both in the mornings only my occular pressures have been reduced one to two points lower in each eye than what the cosopt did when taken in the morning and at bedtime. These changes have not stopped the hair loss from occuring even though timilol 0.25 percent has half the timilol in it as the cosopt and is used only once a day in each eye vs cosopts twice a day in each eye. Azopt is reported to cause hair loss and is very similar to the second ingredient in cosopt.
	when applied correctly (i.e. minimal amount and mixed with a lotion that spreads well) it has been great for controling breakouts and reducing wrinkles and sun spots.	once a night mixed with Vit. C serum
	I added this medication 8 months after I began monthly infusions of Orencia. Orencia alone gave mild improvement in symptoms of severe rheumatoid arthritis. (I had extensive and severe joint pain and inflammation, severe edema in legs due to knee inflammation, and had very limited mobility.) Within 6-8 weeks of beginning Leflunomide (and still continuing Orencia), symptoms began to decrease significantly, and my lab values improved dramatically. As I write this I have very little pain and inflammation, and much more mobility than before - even considering the joint damage I've sustained. Recently, I tried reducing my dose of Leflunomide to 10 mg/day. After 4-6 weeks or so, I began to have more symptoms. When I resumed the 20mg/day dose, symptoms decreased dramatically again - in about 6-8 weeks.	One pill a day with dinner!
	I found that this drug immediately released alot of emotion - which was suprising.  I wept for about a week - I had no idea what was going on at first, and then I realized that - I could actually FEEL my emotions.  I felt normal and healthy.  I regret going off of this drug too soon, as I did.  I switched to Wellbutrin, which was not a good idea.	over the counter.
	Manic episodes have been minimised! Although having to increase my dosage gradually to get rid of the highs altogether.  Also puts me to sleep, whereas I used to be awake most nights from mania.	mood stabiliser
	Less pain, less inflamation, slows down degeneration of disease. can function normally where before had severe pain in joints, especially in feet, knees, and made it extremely hard to walk, wear shoes, bend at knees.	originally 10 now 12 pills once a week
	less tired, more optimistic, more energy, no more depression	I started taking Citalopram 2 yrs. ago for mild depression.  I started at a 20 mg pill once daily. I notice approx. 1 yr. later I was still SLIGHTLY depressed, so my Dr. prescribed I move up to 30 mg. I felt great.  In the fall, I noticed 'blue'. (S.A.D.  ?) So my Dr. again prescribed that I move up to 40 mg throughout the winter months to see if that helps with seasonal affective disorder, & that I can start to ween myself back down to 30mg shortly before spring. The only side effect I've noticed so far, has been some mild sweating durting the night that started when I started taking the 40mg. Other than that, I have loved the way I feel since I've been taking Citalopram.    So far so good.
	The drug did help with the temporary depression.	Depression treated.  The mitral value prolapse was not treated but noted when any medical or dental treatment was performed.
	I usually slept through the night and did not experience drowsiness the next day.	The only problem I have with the medication is that it is expensive--about $5.oo per pil--and that it doesn't always work.  It doesn't always help with jet lag, for instance, and there are other times when I lose half the night anyway, usually in connection with PMDD. It works about 80% of the time.
	My mood swings decreased, I was less irritable.  When I would be blue, I would not go into a deeper depression.  It just evened me out.  I also had a head injury and it seemed to help in the recovery from that.	I had one on one counseling with a therapist.  I have taken 20 mg everyday for the past 12 years.  I have tried other medications but they have not worked nearly as well for me.
	After battling w/moderate depression for many years, this drug is a miracle for me! It stopped the "hampster wheel in my head" anxiety I had, I feel mush calmer, I can focus on what is important, and I no longer have such emotional hypersensitivity that I used to. It helps me feel like the "me" that I had lost for a long time, but i have never had a "medicated" feeling from it,as i did with other antidepressants i previously tried.	Currently using for moderate depression 150mg 2 times a day.
	"Since I was very young, a child, I suffered debilatating headaches.  Often they became true migraines.  They would last for days and days, sometimes weeks

without stop.  I missed school, parties, holidays.  I was scared to make plans

to do anything fearing the pain.  I pretty much went to bed with some degree of head pain and woke up with it everyday.  I had no clue what it would be like to

live without them.  Sometime late in 1999 I went to my pharmacy to pick us some

prescritions, that were not working anyway, and one of the tech who suffered

headaches constantly was smiling and seemed so different.  Her eyes were wide

open,  she seemed happy, etc.  She told me her Doctor had put her on Elavil

and within days her headaches subsided.  I went straight to my pain management

physician and asked for Elavil. Two weeks later I started going whole days

without head pain.  I went to sleep easily and slept till morning.  I looked

forward to doing things.  I woke up without pain.  What a miracle!  I have

probably had only two or three actual migraines in the last eight years.  When

I do get a slight headache it usually disappears within a short time without

additional meds.  Needless to say my entire life changed. I am a better wife, mother, daughter, friend.  I take the generic and notice no difference from

Elavil.  Thank you Elavil."	I take one 150 mg tablet of generic Elavil at bedtime.
	"When BMI rating is over 27 its time to get that taken care of before it goes beyond that. I have taken adipex in my 20's and lost 30 pounds in 6 weeks. I keep it off until I turned 43.  You have to exercise or this will not work. I am not a fan of exercising but when you get the burst of energy get up and move. If you are stuck behind a desk.. turn from side to side... do stretches.. then at lunch or break move!!! There are so many looking for the magical drug for weight loss but there is none. Exercise is the magical word.

So get up and move it. walk.. dance.. or you will be stuck at the same weight. It takes work.. and a lot of it. It amazes me how there are those expecting a miracle in a pill. Not that way at all but it is a aid to get to your goal"	"last results 3 months on adipex-p lost 30 pounds. Gained it back due to injury at work. Currently on day 5 and working out with the nintedo wii and walking. if I am sitting I am not doing so still .. i do leg lifts .. twist my hips practice good breathing patterns for everyday health. Its really beneficial to breath correctly. I am on a very low calorie intake diet. I eat 1200 to 1500 a day and it is not skipping a meal to eat ice cream.. no fat diet veggies.. fresh fruit and chicken . palm sized servings for everything.. extra no butter, fat, oils,

processed meats, dairy is low fat or fat free yogurt. Daily vitamin and lots and lots of water to replenish so you don't get fatigued.  Im on my way.. 5 pounds down and 25 to go. Good luck this can work for most people with no excuses other then a underlying disease .. if so its obvious you shouldn't be taking adipex. Good luck all .. dont get weak. and if you mess up make sure its worth it.. that extra serving dont let it be more then a half cup and only if you can burn it off. Good Luck all and remember don't give up.. don't cheat yourself with extra licks from the brownie bowl.. tasting samples of dinner before serving. those are huge calories not counted for that can ruin your diet. Take care and get moving!!"
	For the most part the pain was taken away just enough that I could function.  I like that it's not a narcotic, yet gives some of the benefits of one.	This med was the drug of choice for me since I am in recovery for alcohol.
	contraception	I took it daily with with 7-day break each month, during which a period was induced.
	hairloss slowed down a little compared to before, but every now and then it came back. it might be normal sheddign which some would say is a good thing. sex drive went down. i also felt i was developing man boobs, i dont know if this was just in my head but i felt as if my pecs lost some definition. i therefore stopped taking the medication last month. have yet to see improvement in sex drive but hope it will come soon	the finasteride in proscar will prevent the DHT to reach the hair follicles
	Stopped seizure activity immediately, even during titration.  Occasional aura (pre-seziure activity which are actually seizures themselves), during high stress, or situations that trigger photosensitivity.	Will continue on Lamictal (generic equivalent) for partial seizures.  Seizure activity continues to be non existent after starting this medication.
	Significantly reduced migraines frequency and severity	I sought treatment for frequent severe migrains. I started getting migraines at age 30 and in recent months had been having 2-3 migrains a week. I was taking Imitrex at the initial sign of a migrain (eye aura) but this was had limited effectiveness. My doctor recommended trying Topamax. In the first 2 months I had 2 migrains and have only had 4 in the last 18 months. I take 100mg at bed because it makes very relaxed and sleep very deeply. I very occasionally find myself forgetting nouns and proper names but that has been the only cognitive effect. I still have been able to be effective and focused at my job.
	"Reduced inner eye pressure which has slowed or possibly eliminated the disease. 

At the very least, the symptoms of glucoma immediately improved to normal and have remained at the normal range."	I have been very satisfied with the results of taking lumigan. My eye pressure was in the mid 20's and has dropped to the mid teen's. As an experiment, I stopped taking lumigan for several months and my pressure went back up over 20, so I went back on lumigan and it again dropped to the mid teen's. The preferred range of eye pressure is 10 to 20, with 15 or below considered to be optimal.
	Initially I had Graves, then became hypothryoid post-treatment.  While hypothyroid I gained weight, had hair loss, was fatigued, cold and miserable.  Getting on a correct dose of thyroid replacement is great.  My hair returned, I became more fit and active.	I began replacement with 250mcg each day.  I rather quickly had difficulty with rapid heart rate, dry hair and skin, emotionalness that wasn't true to me.  It took several months of monitoring blood levels of thyroid hormone, monitoring syptoms and adjusting doses to find a right dose for me.  I've been stable on my current dose for 3 years.
	"Xanax XR .5 once daily for 2 days. This med works within 20-30 mins. A good solution for fast anxiety relief, as opposed to waiting 2 weeks for it to ""settle"" into your system. I think I might have done fine with .25 instead of the .50.



However, just reading about other people's anxiety accounts and Xanax has given me anxiety!"	Xanax XR .5 once daily for 2 days now.
	Well i started having acne by the age of 18, but it wasnt like normal acne,big and red, it would only stay on the surface of the skin and it was white,it was like little dots all over my face.I used all the creams you could imagine but none of them worked,or would work for a few days and the pimples would come back again. I went to this dermatologist and he said that what could be causing my acne is the hormones balance, (if you have too much feminine or masculine hormones it can cause acne)so he said i could try to take birth control pill to balance my hormones. and so i started. In the first month my acne got worse,but i still kept taking Yasmin(birth control pill), on the third month i started noticing that my skin was clearing from all those pimples.I have been taking it for more than 6 months now and i have no acne! sometimes one or two comes out but it goes away in 2 days.So Yasmin worked for me and could work for you too!	"1 pill everyday at the same time.

Even if in the first months you see that your acne is getting worse, dont stop taking it till the forth month.you will se the difference."
	I have noticed a reduction in acne breakouts, particularly painful cysts.  I have also noticed improved skin appearance with more even skin tone.	I apply Differin gel once per day to treat facial acne.  I have noticed a considerable reduction in acne breakouts.
	Decrease in panic attacks (maybe these were hot flashes ... but didn't feel "hot"). Woke up less often at night from these same panic attacks.	oral medication - presumably the same substance that is found in topical "natural" progesterone cream.
	I started Topamax right after approval due to ongoing generalized (Grand mal) seizures that were resistant to other drugs. My epileptologist was hoping this would be the one. We added it on to what I was currently taking at the time (tegratol and dilantin) and crossed our fingers. Guess what? After reaching 400mg a day- I went from having 3-4 generalized seizures A WEEK, to 3 TOTAL in many many years! Unfortunately, I continued having partial complex seizures until we found the Dilantin/Lamictal/Topamax combo (in the last 3 years) and I still have 1 or 2 of those a month.  I really owe my life to topamax. AWESOME drug. Awesome awesome awesome.	I take one 200mg tab in the morning and one 200mg tab in the evening. I take the brand name topamax as the generic one caused my blood levels to dive a bit and I had a breakthrough seizure. Too bad as the generic is much cheaper.
	helped the depression initially, was far more positive during the years I took it, but the efficacy of the drug began to deteriate, and the onset of new side effects led me to try to live without the treatment	I now feel that I have suffered fibromyalgia for a long time, and part of the reason I was depressd was I found it hard to deal with the pain i was feeling at the time, I had two very young children , and was not diagnosed with a condition . If I had understood my condition better, I may have managed the fibromyalgia better. I was pushing my body too hard, as I felt frustrated t not managing everything better, and the cycle of depression continued. I have come off the venlafaxine, and the symptoms of pain, particularly in the morning have returned, but I can manage them better, knowing it is not symptomatic of a seriously damaging condition, and that it is 'normal' for me. I pace myself better, and no longer have the demands of very young children , so can do that easier. I like being 'drug' free, although I do supplement with fish oils and 5 HTP
	Experienced 1 migrane in the past year since on seasonique - before seasonique I was getting a migrane at least 6-7 times a year during periods.  Not missing time with my family every month or work.	n/a
	My cholesterol levels were terrible.  I was around 32 years old with, as the doctor said, "the cholesterol of a 40 year old man."  It may have been partly due to my crohn's disease (which was flaring) and the weird way my body was absorbing nutrients at the time. Over the past 4 years my HDL levels have been significantly higher, and my overall cholesterol has moved into the acceptable zone (though not as good as I wish it was)!	I started with 1000mg and stayed at that level for about 2 years.  Then, after I moved and changed doctors, my dose was reduced to 500mg/night.  My liver stats were being monitored because of another medication I was taking (mercaptopurine), so I'm relatively sure I haven't had any adverse liver effects with this drug.
	Tramadol was prescribed for severe neck pain due to a bone spur that had grown into a nerve root in my neck. It was the only drug that could give me any relieve before I had surgery to fuse the vertebrae between C6 and C7 in my neck. It did not eliminate the pain completely, but made it very tolerable.	I took 1 to 2 tablets three times a day prior to surgery. After surgery I took and continue to take 1 to 2 pills a day as needed.
	to help clear the airways after suffering from an asthma attack. improved my breathing for up to 6 hours after taking 2 puffs.	treatment for bronchitis, doctor prescribed albuterol 2 puffs q 4-6 hours daily to clear airways for breathing better.
	No exacerbations since starting during summer of 2008 after 11 years on Avonex (another "disease modifying medications" for MS.	"Very simple once you establish a simple routine.  ""Shared Solutions"", the company behind Copaxone provides you with everything you need for each injection, including; in home injection training, which I was able to get down with just one session, but they will come as often as you need.



You load an injection tool with a syringe.  Remove the cap from the syringe (simple).  Wipe the inection site with a kind of cheap, provided alcohol wipe.  Let the alcohol dry (30-60) seconds.  Place the tip of the tool on the injection site, press a button and the tool injects the shot in about 7-15 seconds.  It varies.  Yeah, I called them cheap alcohol wipes, but they are good enough and I'm picky.  I buy my own because they are inexpensive.



Most important as stated earlier by ""49 year old female"" rotate the injection sites.  Rotate, Rotate, Rotate.  No tissue damage for me so far from Copaxone, but minor damage from Avonex on leg.  Rotate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



Shared Solutions offers great support via the phone or website.  I used them a bit in the beginning, but not much since, but I do know that they are available until late evening with knowledgeable, understanding and sensitive ""NURSES"". They deserve the ""Atta Boy-Girl"" this paragraph took up."
	Dramatic reduction in papules and pustules.	Application nightly after washing. The first 2 weeks were unpleasant as irritation and breakouts where the most severe, after 4 weeks significant improvement was noted, optimal effectiveness being achieved by the 10th week.
	Sometimes it makes the difference to stress- related sleeplessness.	Swollow half a pill.
	The treatment benefits were clearly protection from getting pregnant as long as the pill is taken regularly without skipping. This pill is also touted as being one that helps in the treatment of acne, although I honestly can't say that it changed my acne pattern whatsoever. I tend to break out around the time of my monthly cycle, and I continued to break out even during the time I was on this pill. I didn't notice any decrease in my break-outs.	I was told to start the monthly dosage on the first Sunday following the cessation of my period. I then continued taking one pill a day to prevent pregnancy.
	the benefits of taking Celebrex have been to reduce the inflamation caused by arthritis and degenerative arthritis. I have noticed releif from the soreness and stiffness that comes with this problem. Other than that I don't know what else I can tell you about this drug. Since there are fewer drugs available for this problem that are effective it has also been shown to be safe.	"I have been taking Celebrex for over 5 years. As it is an expensive drug I probably would not be taking it unless it werew provided free by my doctor. I notice that I feel much better when I have been taking it for a few days but because of the side effect of stomach irritation I usually have to stop taking it for a few days to let me stomach return to normal.

Hope this helps your survey."
	Did keep me awake.  Keep me going.  No heart racing, no dizziness, no nausia.  I would recommend this drug before any others.  It works wonders.  The acne that comes with it is bad. Very bad.  New pimples pop up all the time.	One dose a day.
	Slight improvement of acne, but not enough to make it worth the treatment hassles.	Had to apply the cream to dry, washed skin every day. It was supposed to show improvement withing a week or two, but it never helped very much at all.
	I was in a better mood. Less crying and less over thinking.	I take 60 mg of Cymbalta in the evening on a daily basis.
	Benefits included decreased anxiey attacks.  It took approximately 2 weeks to see results but after that time it was a noticable difference.	The plan for this treatment was to decrease the frequency and intensity of anxiety attacks.  Medication combined with counseling has helped improve the situation.  When I went off the medication it was only for a short period of time and then I realized it was necessary to go back onto the medication because of the benefits.
	smoother skin, seemed to have more color, not so pale.  Smaller pores, diminished age spots, although they were still visible.	large pea size applied to entire face nightly, but having to wait til skin is ultra dry isn't always convenient.
	this anti-depressant has basically saved my life.  i have suffered with severe depression and anxiety since childhood.  whether these problems were caused by 'nature or nurture' can be difficult to ascertain, but in my particular case, i believe it was both.  while i was a victim of severe sexual, physical and verbal abuse from a very young age through my teen years, i also seem to have been born with an unusually 'sensitive' disposition, and can get very emotionally and mentally disturbed at times with very little provocation.  everyone who knows me well considers me a very emotional person.  at any rate, it has been the prozac that has helped me in dealing with the stresses of even everyday life.  i first started feeling suicidal in adolescence, and unfortunately, this is still a constant problem.  the prozac, i am convinced, has helped me keep these feelings in check, and although i was just hospitalized for my depression late last year, i am still alive and kicking.  i completely believe that it is the prozac that has saved my life.  before the advent of these types of antidepressants, all that was available were the tricyclics.  those never worked for me the way the ssri's have.  although they did achieve in putting me into a stupor-like condition, they never seemed to alleviate my depression.  the prozac does.  while it doesn't rid me of the problem completely, it has been absolutely invaluable to me, and i believe it is the main reason i am alive to write these words to you today.  i am fortunate in that i have never had a single side effect from the prozac.  actually, there has been a complete loss of libido, which could be a major problem for alot of people;  for me, however, this is not a problem, because i am celibate, and have been for 20 years.  trust me, i had enough sex in my younger years to last me for the rest of my life.  i feel i should mention that i have known many people who take prozac and who have not had any sexual problems at all.	basically you need to see a psychiatrist as often as your condition requires.  i also recommend concurrent visits with some type of therapist or counselor, as this will increase the benefits you receive by taking the medication.
	Reduced acne significantly and quickly.  I had severe cystic acne for about 3-4 months before trying spiro.  Within 2 months it was nearly gone.  I started on 50mg and that was enough to reduce cystic acne.  I just recently went to 75mg and that was to reduce small comedones.	75 mg a day.  Potassium blood tests every 3 months.
	The medicine kept the illness from getting worse, my cough loosened up immediately.  The dose and length of treatment was very managable, it was easy to remember to take one dose each day.  The packaging is very convenient - a blister pack so you know immediately how many you have taken.	6 pills taken over 5 days - 2 pills first day, one each day after.
	My acne was considerable decreased. I had hoped to see some anti-wrinkle effects as well but did not.	I was prescribed differin gel for acne treatment. I applied it once a day at bedtime.
	lowered blood sugar, improved mood, less fatigue in the long run	Metformin taken at breakfast and again at dinner time. Regular exercise and watching the diet also helps in the regulation of blood glucose.
	After using the Retin A for several months I did notice a decrease in the amount of whiteheads on my checks. My skin seemed to appear brighter and my complexion was not as splotchy. While I did not get any more whiteheads, it did not completely remove the ones I had.	I put the cream on every night for 8 months. My dermatologist told me that the Retin A should help to unclog my pores. By continuing the Retina A I just sgould not have any new whitheads form.
	It got rid of a terrible ear infection. After 3 days, my ear infection pain was greatly diminished, but I kept taking it to be sure it was gone.	Took 2 tablets in the morning on an empty stomach, and two tablets at night after a couple hours of dinner. This went on for seven days.
	Improved ability to fall asleep	Take 2 mg as needed for difficulty falling asleep
	I felt better mood, optimism towards life in general, greater control of portion sizes. My recovery from anorexia was not easy, so I had a few months of moderate bulimia. It was then that my dosage grew bigger: 3 pills of 20 mg per day, though some days I would have 4 pills.	it takes very long, and requires a very large amount of patience.
	"considerable reduction in fine lines,

smaller pore size

less acne,blackheads

general improvement in overall skin condition"	"overall very good results,although I am confused about

which moisturizers to use with this product, due to

the dry irritated  state that it leaves my skin in. I would like to

learn more about proper moisturizing products to use in combination

with this drug."
	Of all of the birthcontrol pills I've taken this was by far the one with the least number of negative side effects and it actually had several positive side effects.  It helped control my acne and kept me thin.  After several years I did notice a decrease in my libido which came back after I stopped taking birthcontrol pills altogether.  I was put on the generic version of this pill at somepoint and I had a completely different reaction.  I instantly gained about 15 pounds (mostly water weight I think because I looked puffy).  I found out after this reaction that generic pills don't have to be identical to the brand name drugs.  I learned the hard way.	I took the same little pill for 21 days and then the placebo pills for another 7 days of the month.
	Within two days, the severe burning pain of the GERD disappeared. At three months of treatment, the pain from the ulcer has receded considerably. Because of the ulcer, however, I still have to be careful not to eat anything too acidic--very fresh pasta sauce with chunks of tomato--or too spicy.	I went to the ER with severe burning in the chest. The doctors there suspected either cardiac problems or a blood clot in the lungs. Once they made certain there were no blood clots, and that the EKG and cardiac enzyme levels were normal, they started me on IV protonix. The next day I was switched to pill form of the protonix, and the improvement was amazing. Within thirty-six hours the pain was minimal, and by the third day of treatment, it was virtually gone. Since then, I haven't had any recurrence, and remain on the protonix only because of the ulcer, which is improving, even though at a slower pace. Overall, it's an excellent medication, and had worked wonders for me.
	Reduced acne	Tetracycline 4 times a day (2 times) and tretinoin at night
	I live in a home with 3 cats and a dog, and was unable to breath in the morning secondary to all the animal dander.  After starting the claritin, I noticed a decrease in my allergy symptoms after about a week.	One pill in the morning once a day.  I saw results after about a week.  No more eye puffiness, swelling, runny nose or itching
	Immediately made me feel more focus, clear mind, energy, increase calmness. I started with 100mg once a day before work or in the morning on my days off and reduced to 50mg and still have all those benefits. Experienced little nausea, urine odor at the beginning. I don't feel like drinking alcohol anymore and if I drink too much, my hangovers are moderate. Very happy with it!	50mg before night shift or in the morning on my days off. I don't take it every day either!!
	reduced hives associated with allergy. Lasted for 24 hours so did not need more than once a day. Was the only effective treatment. Doctor had switched to generic brand which did not work as effectivly. Available as otc now but I do not feel it is the same as the perscription strength was	was more effective than any other brand of allergy medicine. OTC now available is not as effective. Took daily in the evening to combat allerigies for 24 hours
	"Having had asthma since I was a child, I have been using various medications for a long time. Thankfully I do not need to use albuterol daily, as I know some people do, but I use it as needed when I am experiencing an asthma attach. This happens on average once a month, less in warmer months, more during the winder.



As far as being effective albuterol, and the name brand inhaler is the best, and to my knowledge, still the only small inhaler that really works. I'm sure it has saved lives. With one inhalation I am able to breath again within minutes, this is even if I am having a bad attack, and am really strugling. So it is very effective"	Inhalation, pump spray
	90% of new breakouts ceased after only 5 days.  I'm in about 9 days and my skin is fairly clear.  I'm very happy with the results.  My skin is not oily anymore either.  Also it cleared up my scalp problem that was pretty bad.	I am looking forward to staying on this medication if this is all the side effects I have.  Please reseach the side effects carefully though before starting on this medication.
	Lyrica has made a huge difference with my fibromyalgia pain. I have had fibromyalgia for 13 plus years and was excited about the FDA finally approving Lyrica for fibromyalgia patients.  I would recomend that anyone suffering from fibromyalgia try this medication, along with a healthy diet and exercise. Lyrica is not a cure, but I have improved probably 75% over this last year.	Started with 50 mg 2x a day (morning and afternoon), then gradually built up to 150mg 2x a day.
	Did lower my blood pressure after about 3 weeks. Remained lower during remainder of course and after the treatment ended.	Once a day for three months to treat high blood pressure.
	by taking as prescribed, the drug prevents pregnancy, regulates period, helps reduce acne.	Upon having irregular periods, my doctor prescribed the pill to regulate them.  Upon taking the pill for a month, I found that my periods did become regular.  In addition, the pill has so far prevented unwanted pregnancy.  The only side affects I found were slight weight gain.  However, this is easy to overcome with excercize.  Therefore, I feel the benefits outweigh the side-effects of taking this medication.
	I always have at least three cold sores either inside my mouth or on my lips. I started this medicine while I had a cold sore with the help of the medicine and the Abreva the pain was decreased and it went away a lot faster.	Once a day, everyday for the next four months to see how well it works.
	Lasted all day long, could put it in a drink,	Compared to other ADD meds I tried, Vyvanse seemed to be the only one that didn't interact with the Prozac. Also, I think finding the right dose had a lot to do with that.  Because I could easily split the pills I was able to take a larger dose in the morning and a lesser mid-morning and not have a big drop at the end of the day.
	The sinus infections start lightening up within one day, the pressure disappeared within two days If the antibiotics were not prescribed in a timely matter, the infection would have lasted for month. I would have lost all sense of smell and taste for a very long period of time.	My sinus infections would be very intense within 1 day, the medication relieved the severe pressure within one day and cleared the infection.
	A slowing in androgenic alopecia, and some potential re-growth. The slowing of the male pattern balding creates an environment suitable for topical solutions to have stronger more effective yields.	Taken on a daily basis at the same time everyday. Taking it everyday at the same time increases the potential for the medication to work so that the body gets a consistent dose to work with. Otherwise the body gets confused.
	no itching, no allergy, no dermagraphism	take a pills in the morning every day with water
	Decreased eczema patches, however did not fully heal them. The treatment did not help my skin being scaly from eczema.	The treatment consisted of 2 times a day of applying the cream into the face for eczema. Pimecrolimus came in cream form so it would rub off easily.
	Before I began taking this, I had experienced a long time, chronic depression. After about one month of taking this I began feeling much better. Although things still are not perfect, and I have very blue periods, it has at least made life tolerable.	Began taking 20 mg daily then increased it to 40 after 3 months.  Might help more if I were to go to some type of counseling, which I have not.
	Acid reflux stopped, I am told that the damage done by the effluxed acid will be healed.  But I am not sure if this drug really strengthens the sphincter such that acid reflux is stopped.  Nexium mainly reduces acid production, but does is stop the efflux is yet to be seen based on the results after stopping the treatment.	Excellent in treating GERD.
	Immediate benefits were realized, faster than my doctor anticipated. Also, I wouldn't always take Lexapro consistently, and when symptoms returned, by resuming Lexapro, I experienced results in 2-3 days.	10 mg of Lexapro was prescribed to be taken 1x daily. I was advised that this drug builds up in the system over time and that results generally wouldn't be measurable until taken consistently for a minimum of 4-6 weeks.
	Treatment benefits from taking methotrexate included significantly reduced inflammation in the joints which led to reduced pain.  Overall fatigue was also minimized.	Once weekly injections with methotrexate.  Also took prescription-strength folic acid to minimize any side effects.
	All three medication, Alprazolam, Lipitor and Metformin were effective in treating insomnia, high cholesterol and insulin resistance.  Patient is evaluated every 3 months.	N/A this is being written by a patient, not a physician.
	The treatment reduced the symptoms of SLE that I was suffering from: these were pain and inflammation in my wrists, hands and fingers.  It also reduced some puffiness in my face - perhaps b/c I had inflammation in my jaw joint.	"1 year at 25 mg

.5 year at 50 mg



once a day in both cases"
	Lowered HbA1C from 6.0 to 5.2 which has enabled me to go off numerous other anti diabetic medications which all had side effects.  The overall effect has been most agreeable including a loss of over 100 pounds of body fat.	Before breakfast and dinner inject 10 mcg subcutaneous.  I incidently also follow a strict low carbohydrate diet to achieve those HbA1C numbers and the weight loss.  It is difficult to exactly know which of these gave the greatest effect, but I believe they were synergistic.
	Relief of migraine headache with in one hour and it stays away for 24 - 48 hours.  Migraines have been part of my life since I was 19.  This is the only medication that relieves my headaches so that I can function in my work and family life.	I have been taking Maxalt for years.  I have had one sided migraines for years.  They have always lasted 3 days of excrutiating pain.  Maxalt has been a life saver.  I take it at the onset of headache and have complete relief in one hour.  Unfortunately there was a time when i was taking this daily, which was a pain regarding insurance coverage.  However in the last year I have learned a couple physicial techniques to minimize the frequency of headaches, but I still take Maxalt 1-2x per week.  Every time it is 100% effective.
	My skin felt much softer and my breakouts were far less frequent. My pores also looked smaller. The routine was also easy to maintain, as it only required nightly application.	I would apply the Avita 20 minutes after washing my face every night, wash it off in the morning, and apply sunscreen on my face.
	My daughter is playing now finally and she seems to be feeling alot better. When she was hospitalized she was very ill she wouldnt move she was vomitting, diarhea, dehyrated, she had just a blank stare in her  eyes. Her kidney infection is very rare and i cant remember the name of it but it stars with a P.	.
	This has enabled me to take half the amount of hydrocodone that I used to take.  The gabapentin potentiates the hydrocodone wonderfully.  It allows me to sleep better also.  It doesn't knock me out, just allows me to go to sleep when I want, dream, and wake up not groggy. I've also had fewer migraines since I've been on the gabapentin.	I take 100 mg three times a day, with hydrocodone, and three hundred mg at night before bed.
	Have not had any issues with rejection.  Patient has now be diagonosed with the JC virus, which has been a side effect of Cellcept.  Blood test must be taken weekly to check the fine line of not have to much or to little of the prograf in the system.  If patient did not have the JC virus, blood test would be less frequent.	Patient recieved a kidney and pancreas transplant in Jan of 2008 after being on dialaylis for 3 plus years.
	decreases episodes of mania, and provides a full nights sleep.	Started at 50mg on day1, 100mg at day2, 200mg at day3, and finalizing prescription as ordered at 300mg on day4; with 300mg every night at bedtime.
	my usually oily skin dried up considerably and as a result the frequency of spots reduced.	50mg tab once a day for 4 months
	The treatment benefits included a decrease an abdominal pain, a decrease in diahrea and blood in the stool.  There were also benefits in overall comfort when dealing with day to day activities.  The decrease in abdominal pain and frequent diahrea allows me to perform my daily activities.	My treatment consists of taking 3 pills 3 times a day.  Routine colonoscopys are necessary.  I also take a multivitamin twice a day.  I watch my diet.  I drink a minimum amount of milk, eat a minimum amount of fried and unhealthy food, drink more water and fruits and vegetables.
	I have taken Imitrex off and on for over 15 years. I have migraine headaches. Typically one tablet of Imitrex gets rid of the headache, usually within 30 minutes.	One pill is taken at the onset of the migraine. I have only needed an additional pill (taken 4-5 hours after in initial pill) once or twice in the fifteen years I have been taking the drug.
	The drug was able to improve my depression and create balance in my life over the long run	The details are I take a pill once a day and have for the past several years and intend to continue in the future
	blood pressure lowered and water retention was decreased. overall I had less headaches and sinus pressure issues.	was taken for hypertension. no excessive side effects. medication was taken on a daily basis, once pill per day.  My medication was usually taken at bedtime.
	treatment envolved a reduction of pain and provided the ability to sleep	take one capsule every 3 to 4 hours as needed for pain. don't drive or operate any vehicle
	My heart rate was rapid (usually 110-130 bpm) and I frequently had feelings in my heart that left my short of breath for a few minutes.  My heart rate slowed down to normal (usually 70-85 bpm) and I very seldom have these episodes anymore.  I feel much better overall and I do not have that feeling of "impending doom".  Also my blood pressure is good and I do not have to take an extra medication for this problem.	I take Atenolol once a day in the morning and that's all the treatment that I need to keep the mitral valve in my heart function correctly.
	None that I had experienced.	Decided to stop treatment after three months.  I was using it to get rid of small pimples on my forehead.  After using the product, I noticed I was getting bigger, and bigger pimples. So I stopped.
	None, especially surprising since the prescription name brand Luvox had been used previously, with great results.  The Luvox stopped all ruminations and obsessive worry, while the generic fluvoxamine seemed to do nothing, and did not help with sleep.	"At the time of weaning my second child, I was apparently experiencing some hot flashes/night sweats and worry/ panic and tried fluvoxamine, the generic version of Luvox (which I had used previously by about four years).  I had successfully used Luvox and was able to discontinue it without any side effects or symptoms of worry returning.  This time only the generic was available to me so I tried it - thinking that it would be the same drug and provide similar results.  It did not.  I experienced nausea, and did not get any sleep benefits, although I felt that the Luvox had improved my sleep when taken at night; neither version of the drug caused any drowsiness.  I did not feel any improvement in symptoms with the generic version.  Perhaps my hormones needed to balance on their own, and were too intense for the fluvoxamine to modify.  I hope there will be something better available if menopause eventually causes a return of symptoms.  

Some generics are better than others, and individual reactions differ.  It is useful to have this rating information available to access online."
	"Overall skin improvement: Skin feels softer, more radiant. Better complexion. Younger looking (my perception).



Skin turned slightly less oily. Number of blackheads reduced and became almost invisible."	"Nightly application of a dot of tretinoin cream all over my face (except for eyelids and lips) after cleansing.



At daytime skin was always protected with at least SPF 30."
	Synthyroid replaces thyroid hormones that provide energy and increase your metabolism. I had a small goiter that was diminished when I began taking the medicine. If I miss a few days I have very little energy and feel as if I'm carrying heavy suitcases around.	I take 100mcg every morning. It is suppose to be taken on an empty stomach but I simply take it before breakfast. My thyroid hormone levels have to be checked annually to make sure the dosage is effective.
	Was able to successfully, and completely, discontinue illicit use of heroin/opiates.  I did remain abstinent for a period of time w/o it, but no longer than 6-7 months.  Always at or before that point I would wind up relapsing again, with no good outcomes.  Have stayed opiate-free for 1 year, 9 months now, and continue suboxone treatment.	"I initially started at 4mg (/half 8mg tablet) 1x in am.  Gradually rose to 1 8mg tablet 1x in am, and then 2 8mg tablets 1x in am.  I found that, as said above, if i took doses too close together (ex: Noon on Sunday, then 4am Monday), would feel odd, off, and very drained.  So now i take 1 8mg tab in am, and 1 8mg tab in pm.  Found to be very effective and feel very 'steady' and 'even' throughout the day, and night.  No issues with taking am/pm's too close together, or far apart.

Also go to group & individual counseling, and see psychotherapist (as well as intermittent AA/NA meetings) to stay active in Recovery and stay healthy and well, all around.  Also do the aforementioned to stay on top of depression and anxiety as well as reg life issues."
	maintain mood, decrease in depression, the combination of meds provided for a drcrease in hospitializations and lethality. More activity on a daily basis and a return to "normal" behaviot in re : to sleep patterns and appetite.	one and a half tablts once a day of lexapro combined with100mg topamax and 300mg trlileptal for bipolar disorder and major depression and ptsd.
	Reduced intensity of morning stiffness, reduced length of morning stiffness, reduced pain, increase in range of movement	Depending on my arthritis pain, I would take 1 x 600mg Ibuprofen two to three times per day. During flare-ups, it was necessary to "hit the pain hard" and take 600 mg four times per day and on the very rare occasion 5 times per day (this has not been necessary for over 10 yrs.)
	When my allergies were acting up and I took it, it helped within an hour. It cleared up my nose and throat and made breathing easier.	When symptoms were bothering me I took it and it helped relitivily quickly.
	soothing	"I got it from a girl I was dating on and off who didn???t tell me until I confronted her about it she denied it at first but came clean after about a week. The first month was the hardest, not knowing what to expect or how people would treat me.



After I joined HerpresFish.com, I learned to except my situation and not let it burden my life. To those who are new to this it gets better after time less stress equals less outbreaks. I want to commend HerpesFish.com for giving people like us a platform to share or stories with people living with the same conditions."
	reduce menopause related issues and improve quality of life.  Hot flashes ceased, energy level increased, overall mood and memory retention were impacted in a positive way.	Prescription is to take one tablet by mouth once a day, preferably at the same time of day.  Continue use until either want to no longer take or at advice of doctor.  Continually discuss with physician.
	I didn't know I was suppose to keep taking, so after one month, stop the medication & that's when the rosacea got worse & the eye involvement started.  I had to go to an eye doctor & get eye drops.  My dermatologist started me back on the doxycycline & said I had to take it "forever".	I need to take the medication twice a day, but one hour before eating or two hours after, which has turned out to be a really big nuisance, since I like to eat six small meals a day.
	"I am using this on an as needed basis. I only take it a couple times a month, which is why 50mg still works for me.  I may have to go to 100mg though. If I have been up for 20-25 hours straight and if I am still ""bouncing off the walls"" (manic), then this is great stuff to have.

For as needed manic episodes and severe insomnia--this is great stuff."	I mainly suffer from severe depression and anxiety but after a couple weeks of this I sometimes suffer from 2 or 3 days of mania.
	As soon as I felt a migraine coming on, I would feel very tired and feel dizzy at first and then the headache would come a little later. As soon as I could feel the headache I would take one tablet and within half an hour to an hour the headache would go and I would feel a lot better but still a little odd, a not quite 'here' feeling	My doctor told me to take one as you feel a migraine coming on, if it does not work it is not worth taking another one but this rarely happens. If the headache goes but comes back I can take another one, I tend to do this if the attack is servere, I might need to take two or even three over two or three days but generally I find one tablets works. I have been taking it for approx 10 years or so.
	This drug has changed my life.  I have had severe headaches most of my adult life- Imitrex takes the headaches away.  The only downside is that the drug causes me to be a bit drousy.	I take the drug at the onset of a headache.  Within 10 minutes, the headache symptoms disappear
	The treatment seemed to help considerably with the generalized brain 'fuzziness', lack of focus, fatigue and irrational mood swings that I had experienced on every other non-Zyban supported attempt to quit smoking. The treatment dramatically lessened the effect of nicotine withdrawal, or at least its perception, such that any reflexive craving to smoke was manageably overcome until the habit was finally broken.	I began taking 150mg/d two weeks/ 14 days before my actual quit date. On the quit date, I also started a series of yoga classes and regular physical activity through the first few months of smoking cessation. I decided to continue taking Zyban beyond the recommended period to a full 3 months at 1 dose daily. In my experience, I would recommend a lower daily dosage of 150mg/d for a longer extended period of time given my success in using Zyban in this manner.
	I was hospitalized in January for suicidal thoughts/attempts. At the time, I had been diagnosed with clinical depression and prescriped antidepressants only. They would induce mania and I was totally out of control, so much so that I pretty much lost all of my friends and went through a divorce. At the hospital, I was diagnosed as bipolar and since taking Lamotrogine with Effexor, I've had no thoughts of suicide or cutting, which I used to do often.	Started out with 50 MGs and went up to 200 MGs slowly. I haven't had any severe side effects, just the same I had with antidepressants.
	assisted with stopping smoking	2 tablets each day - for 2 weeks continue smoking and then stop after 2 weeks. I don't know how this works but I really did not like smoking when taking this. The treatment still requires a fairly high degree of willpower to manage the cravings. I keep a checklist of things to do - brush my teeth, drink water, go for a walk. I have now been smoke free for 6 months and at times it's still hard - I do still get cravings but they don't last very long and I can control them. Another good tip I got was to put some butts in a jar with some water. A quick sniff of this and the thought of smoking goes away.
	Relief for my nasal clogging and breaht normally. Works great!	Moved to a new area with a lot of trees / greenry and experiecing temporary allergies while there. got prescribed flonase with dosage described above, and felt much better.
	This muscle relaxer allowed me to sleep at night and wake up without a stiff neck. I was not in pain any longer at night.	I had tweaked my neck muscles and was in a lot of pain. This helped me relax so the inflamed muscles could heal. To my surprise, it actually worked. I would definitely use it again.
	Good cognitive enhancer.  I like that the effects come on very subtly and they also go away in the same manner.  I don't like to feel like I need a prescription which has no other (yet) proven benefits in long term cognition, I hope to either find another supplement to do something similar or see some research which shows Provigil has many more benefits than it does drawbacks.	200mg once a day.
	In general, I have enjoyed daily happy moods and more energy. I am able to focus on tasks better and can accomplish more each day. Mood swings, irritability, and temper outbursts are rare. I have gone from below-average to above-average coping skills. Feelings of worthlessness and suicidal thoughts no longer occur.	Before Prozac, for many years I was unable to experience sustained happiness or control my mood. I was irritable at least 10 days each month, had uncontrollable racing thoughts, experienced frequent temper outbursts, felt hopeless and worthless, did not view life as worthwhile, thought about suicide often and made several attempts. There was no joy in my life and I suffered from delibitating migraine headaches 5 or 6 times per year. When I went to the doctor, I was unable to stop thinking about suicide. My doctor put me on Prozac, 20 mg each a.m. and I improved dramatically in a few weeks. After 6 months, I felt like I was slipping back a little, so the doctor increased my dose to 40 mg each morning. As long as I take the Prozac, I am happy and stable and have maybe one migraine a year. About once a year I try to reduce the Prozac to 20 mg, but within 1 week symptoms begin to recur so I resume 40 mg daily.
	My skin looked much better and my pores became much smaller. Many people remarked that I had a much smoother look. Also kept wrinkles from forming.	Used a daily portion about the size of a pea (or smaller) and rubbed thinly over my face and under my eyes.
	there were excellent benefits including the reduction of extereme burning sensation in the stomach, throat and mouth. Also a reduction in bloating of the stomack and cramps. i was also able to eat a more varied diet without the awful symptoms of burning and indigestion which normally accompany the acid reflux.	Losec tablets contain a medicine called omeprazole.This belongs to a group of medicines called "proton pump inhibitors" They work by reducing the amount of acid that your stomach produces. If you suffer with acid reflux, this means that the stomach produces too much acid which can cause pain and burning and often travels up your throat causing damage to it.
	Used for weight management and food intake control.  It is also supposed to give energy.  It definitely worked for cutting my appetite as long as I took it twice a day.  If I took it once a day at about 8 am I would feel hungry at about 5pm.  If I took it twice a day 8 am 10am I could make it to bedtime without being hungry.	I would take 1 30mg pill in the morning at about 8am and then another 30mg pill at about 10am (sometimes trouble falling asleep if taken later).  I have done that for 2 months.  At the beginning I started off with only 1 pill a day.  I try to "self administer" my breaks in taking the medicine because I've heard it was addictive and I don't want to be addicted.
	Dermatologist suggested trial of trimethoprim 2x per daily, once morning and once in the evening. Diminished acne resulted within the first month and more significantly for the following months. After 1 year, patient reduced to taking pill once per day.	Patient suffered acne for over 15 years and had been treated with various oral and topical medications. Oral medications included most typical antibiotics and Accutane. Results were less than ideal. D
	After the first day on this drug, my ear pain was gone.  Sinuses cleared soon thereafter.	I feel that this med did the job of clearing my sinus infection and ear pain.  Side effects were bearable.  I would take it again.
	The joint pain becomes considerably less within 24 hours of the shot.  I have more energy and almost no more nausea.	This medicine is given subcutaneously by a sho every 1-2weeks. I take it in combination with arava.  I almost never take prednisone anymore and only take celebrex one time a day instead of two.
	My eyelashes grew extremely long.	This was prescribed off-label to me. It is a potent glaucoma drug. It is essential that you not get it in your eyes or on your eyelids. It only needs to be painted on the eyelashes, away from the eyelids, to be effective. Results were seen within a month.
	WEIGHT LOSS 2 STONE	I TOOK REDUCTIL TO LOOSE WEIGH AS IT IS AN APPITITTE SUPPRESANT, I T WORKED AND I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THE RESULTS. IT HELPED START A HEALTHIER ME. OH YES YOU MUST REMEMBER TO DRINK PLENTY OF WATER AT LEAST 3/4 PINTS A DAY.
	Did not wake up in the middle of the night, HIGHLY IMPROVED quality of sleep, and improved body relaxation.  was able to stop using alcohol to stay asleep.	As needed for sleeplessness (waking around 3am and not being able to return to sleep.
	checking myself considerably less, calm my mood swings, helped me think alot clearer,	one tablet once a day administered oraly
	"I started using Retin A about 20 years ago in my late 20's to ward off wrinkles.

But even at .05% it was irritating and my skin would be fine one day and be peeling like a snake the next. When Retin A micro came out, my dermatologist reccomended it. It has worked much better with very little irritation. I use it nightly as the sun is supposed to render it inactive.I am 46 and with Botox have no wrinkles and little sagging"	As stated I used tretinoins for preventive measures in late twenties and continue to use them today at 46. I use .1% Retin A Micro nightly with  no side effects
	it cleared up my skin not just from acne, but also from hyperpigmentation	applying nightly around the face
	The drug worked on reducing/eliminating my situational feelings of depression.  Initially, it increased my energy and focus, and stopped the feelings of sadness.  It did not make me feel like a "zombie" and I felt connected to my emotions and the people around me, which I had heard was a side effect of other anti-depressants.	I started on 150 mg for 2 weeks on the brand name drug once a day.  It seemed like as soon as I was switched to the generic 300mg, the energy and focus benefits stopped.  There is no way to know if it was the switch to generic or just my body getting used to the drug, but it was dissapointing.  I really enjoyed the energy.  I weaned myself off after 1 year because I didn't need it anymore.  I did not have any significant withdrawal symptoms.  Overall it was a positive experience, although I was glad to not need it anymore.
	I switched from Diane 35, a birth control pills recommended specifically for acne and was very worried that the nuva ring would cause an acne flair up, as switching from Diane to Yasmine had. Fortunately my skin stayed just as clear and as a plus no more taking pills nightly	Nuva Ring is a brand name birth control method which releases hormones through the vaginal walls. You insert a flexible plastic ring once a month for three weeks and it acts as birth control.
	Cleared up pneumonia infection.	On medication for 2 weeks, 3X a day.  Infection cleared up about 2 days after I finished.
	eliminated my pain which allowed me to function at an almost normal level. i was mostly bedridden prior to treatment	was on combo oxycontin/oxycodone therapy for aprox 6 months before switching to just oxycodone. the oxycontin left me feeling groggy and unable to concentrate. it also left me with pain peaks and valleys. by switching to oxycodone only, i was able to keep my blood levels at a more constant rate and my pain was controlled consistently. with oxycontin my doseage kept increasing. with oxycodone my doseage was stable and eventually was able to decrease my doseage from 60mg every 6 hours to 30mg
	eased depression , helped sleep By submitting an online review, you agree that all information contained in your review is original and accurate, and that the submission of such content by you and the posting of such content by DrugLib.com do not and will not violate the rights of any third party. You also agree that all submitted reviews and copyright thereof become the sole property	cymbalta for depression and fibromyalga sleep problems; focail for energy and concentration By submitting an online review, you agree that all information contained in your review is original and accurate, and that the submission of such content by you and the posting of such content by DrugLib.com do not and will not violate the rights of any third party. You also agree that all submitted reviews and copyright thereof become the sole property
	allowed me to focus on the tasks at hand, run a business and get things accomplished	before ritalin, artificial stimulants were required to be effective, withour stimulants I was unable to motivate myself to do the things that needed to be done & was very ineffective.  Cocaine got me through grad school & my thesis, but ritalin allows me to function with out illegal stimulants -- problem is finding a doctor who will write rx for the dosage that is most effective (i.e. 20 mg 5x / day).  I am interested in a study that monitors efficacy / tolerance in patients who need / take high dosage on a long term basis.
	"I am able to fall alseep within the 30 minutes of taking the drug. The drug helps with anxiety so I worry less while waiting to fall asleep.  I usually wake

up only once to use the bathroom compared to 2-3 times when I didn't have the drug. I wake up refreshed and it Cheap too."	Take one Tablet by Mouth at bedtime.
	no nausea, less vomiting.  able to get through work and school feeling better	I was prescribes 4 mg zofran to take 4 times per day for relief of nausea and vomiting which was most likely due to vertigo.  I had a decrease in the nausea symptoms after the first dose, and had total relief after about 3 doses.  i did experience a mile headache, which I believe is common for this drug
	insomnia	Take the drug to fall asleep.  However it should not be taken for more than several weeks due to possible dependency.
	It took the edge off of my stress and anxiety level and helped me feel more present and even-keeled.  I started taking it during a difficult period and it helped lighten my mood.  I did not feel like I was numbed or that I was unable to feel highs and lows.	I started on 10 mg/day for a few weeks and then went to 20/mg a day.  This seemed to be a more effective dose for me.
	Generally effective in stabilizing mood fluctuations and controlling obsessive thought patterns, mild anti-depressive effect	Starting with 25mg/day, I titrated up to 200mg a day in 2 months, taking 100mg in the morning and 100mg at noon to help lessen memory effects. During times of great stress, would take up to 300mg/day. Stayed on 200mg/day for a year, then lessened to 100mg/day for another year to reduce side-effects, particularly memory and mood flattening effects. Eventually stopped treatment in order to pursue non-drug therapies, but would go back on the treatment if stress or life events triggered strong mood episodes.
	short term relief from breathing problems. especially beneficial when patient was experiencing other health issue like cold or flu	patient had occasional breathing problems that impacted his ability to play sports and do other activities. this was exasperated by the presence of a chest cold. administration was as-needed to enable the patient to participate in physical activity.patient had ongoing tests with local hospital asthma unit to monitor condition.
	It worked but then I became addicted to methadone so basically it just traded one addiction for another. I don't take as many Methedone a day as I did pain pills because Methadone is long lasting so I guess it did help me.	I began recieving Methadone when I was 21 years old. I started seeing a pschiatrist because I needed help for pain pill addiction. I began getting prescriptions for hydrocodone when I was 19. I have an abnormality in my lower back which causes me severe pain. I began taking more than I was supposed to for the pain and was taking anywhere from 20 to 30 pain pills a day. So I knew I needed help. That's when my doctor gave me Methadone. He gave me 60mg a day but I usually only took 40mg depending on what I needed. Over the years I have weaned myself down to 20mg a day and everyone even my doctor says to me that I should be able to come off of these pills easily but no one understands the physical and psychological symptoms I go through. It's so hard to just stop taking them when I have became so depended on them in my daily life. I have four kids and with out them I feel like a different person and it takes everything in me to get out of bed and take care of my kids. Is it in my head? I don't know but either way, in a lot of ways it helped me but in a lot of ways it ruined my life. I don't want to be addicted to a pill for the rest of my life. Now my doctor has stopped giving them to me because he feels that I can come off them easily at such a low dose but what does he know he does not understand what it feels like. I am at such a downfall in my life, I have to buy them now just to feel normal every day. I feel like if these doctors give them to me then they should help me with the withdrawals ao I can get off them. I still need help after all these yesrs. I don't have a car to drive to a methadone clinic everyday and no one to help me. So what are people like me to  do?
	To tell the truth, I did not benefit very much from this medication, even though I was taking maximum doses, the pain remained almost the same with or without medication. Maybe some people are more responsive to these kind of treatment, unfortunately not in my case.	"My medical condition was the result of a disc herniation at L5-S1 level, with no compression of the nerve root, besides use of NSAIDs, muscle relaxants, and Neurontin, I had little response. I underwent also Phisiotherapy, Ultrasonograpy and other therapy. I have to say that finally I decided to receive alternative therapy (Accupunture) and started practising Qi Gong and that in a few weeks I abandoned all medication and the pain began to ameliorate to a total recovery. 

I still believe that drugs are effective and are indicated in specific conditions, but I also Know that not everybody responds in the same way to medication."
	lowers blood pressure and helps prevent strokes. Helps the patient to function without the tingling, headaches, and chest pain that comes from having blood pressure too high.	I take one 40 mg Benicar in the evening because that is when my blood pressure comes up. If I wake up in the middle of the night and my blood pressure is up again from my sleep apnea, then I take another half. I have to drink a lot more water too, as this helps the Benicar to break down quicker.
	Decreased Blood Glocose Levels. Decreased appitite. Less cravings for carbohydrates.	Treatment once a day at night. Evidence suggests that glucophage/metformin mimics the biological effect of calorie restriction for life extension.
	I began taking this medication during a very unstable period in my life and when I had been rapid cycling and experiencing mixed states, and over a 2 yr period it greatly helped increase my self-worth and overall stability. It helped me to get control of my life and avoid the severe depressions I was prone to, as well as putting a cap on my manias. I still felt mild highs or maybe natural euphorias but they are not manic-y and crazy. I even started being able to get sleepy at a normal hour and wake up in the morning. While on the medication I feel much clearer in general in my thoughts, so if I still feel down or up I am more confident in my ability to manage it. I feel like I am not overly leveled out and blah like I felt with Depakote, more like I avoid the worst and can be in control.	taken consistently for 2 years along w lexapro varying from 5 to 20 mg. occasionally risperdal as well.
	After weeks of use, I did see a considerable decrease in pimples on my face.  Being in my 40's, I saw a benefit in my skin tone also.	After washing my face and allowing it to dry, I apply the Retin-A in small amounts over my cheeks, nose, chin, and forehead.  I use it every night, except when my skin is peeling too much from use.  Then I either switch to every other night, or put a moisturizer on first (incidentally, my dermatologist said the Retin-A should be put on first, under the moisturizer).  I rarely ever get pimples in the areas I use the product.  Even though there are some side effects, the benefits outweigh that.
	I used to have at least 3 herpes outbreaks in the course of a year. These would interfere with personal time with my spouse, backpacking trips, day to day comfort.  In the time I have taken Valtrex I have not had one outbreak, and don't have to think about it any longer.	Took one 500mg pill every morning.  That's it.
	Completely stopped hot flashes and night sweats. (I think there was also some mild improvement in skin thickness as well but it certainly did not end cellulite!)	I had a salivary estrogen level test done while I was on this medication. Although it completely stopped menopausal symptoms my estrogen levels were still very low. So I'm not particularly concerned about adverse effects of estrogen treatment on these...
	The benefits of taking all these asthma medications is that I have been pretty much symptom free.  The Flovent has been particularly helpful in preventing flareups of my symptoms which has greatly reduced the need for my Albuterol.  The benefits of taking the Keppra is that I have only had one seizure episode since I began treatment in 2006.  The episode lasted only seconds.	I take my asthma medications daily and will continue to do so for the rest of my life.  The same is true for my seizure medication.
	Noticeably lowered blood pressure and stress level when taken.  If the patient missed a dose, he became more easily agitated.  When the Lipitor was administered, agitation would subside within 1/2 an hour.  The patient has a family history of hypertension, heart disease and sleep apnea.  Therefore, controlling hypertension is a major concern for this patient and may actually save his life.	Lipitor was administered in pill form.  The patient received the prescription from a sliding scale clinic.  The patient also received a cardiogram, which revealed a 30% blockage.  Alcohol consumption, diet, and exercise are the primary barriers to this patient's health improvement.  He consumes an average of ~6 alcoholic beverages per day.  His diet includes many whole grains and vegetables, but also a large amount of fat and cholesterol.  The patient exercises sparatically and becomes fatigued quickly during physical activity.  Patient smoked for several years, but quit approximately 2 years ago.
	Regained hair growth. Minoxidil first increased hairloss (normal during the first weeks of using). New hair started to grow after around seven months. I have not regained my normal hairgrowth. The hairs itself have a slightly larger diameter and are bit more curled.	Was prescribed this drug in a 5% solution by my dermatologist when suffering from Alopecia Androgenetica. He advised to apply a 1 ml dose twice daily.
	Until 10 days ago never took an anti-depressant, GP encouraged me due to my fatigue, low mood, agitation and within 4-5 days I found myself much more laid back and smiling at people more, usually because something is said and I see a funny side to it.  I know it ism supposed to take 6 weeks to work but I am changed or else back to myself.  My husband is pleased as I have stopped shouting at him at the least thing.  I have more energy and much more optimistic	10mg per day
	The treatment benefits for Renova are more skin clarity.  Also, i believe the freckles on ;my face are fading quite a bit.  The fine lines did not really get any better. My skin is not really that different to notice real changes	rum a quarter size amount to face every eveining
	Reduced symptoms of seasonal allergies.	Benefits of drug lasted up to 3 days after discontinued.
	less hirsutism, reduction in acne, reduction in oily skin and oily hair	Spironolactone was prescribed to me for PCOS.  I had hirsutism and acne due to high androgen levels.  The spironolactone helped reduce my androgen levels.  My skin is almost entirely clear and the hair is growing much more slowly now.
	It effectively treated my maxillary sinus infection.  No more smelly nasal discharge and I could see the result within the first day of taking this drug.	I have had a maxillary sinus infection after a flu for 3 weeks and it would not go away.  The nasal discharge had a very unpleasant smell and taste.  My doctor first prescribed Cefuroxime 250mg and I took that for 10 days with no results.  I then went to my dentist to have my teeth checked to see if they might have been the cause.  The dentist found nothing but prescribed Biaxin 500mg for me to take for the infection.  The smelly nasal discharge decreased substantially after the first day of taking this antibiotic!  I continued to take this for 7  days and the sinus infection is gone and no more smelly mucus coming out of my nose.
	Byetta will raise insulin production in the presence of increased blood glucose only, and do so gradually. It reduced my post prandial readings substantially, and also (when taken at least 30-60 minutes before meals) slowed gastric emptying, allowing me to feel full quicker and eat less.	Byetta is a subcutaneous injectable of 5 or 10 mcg exenatide, and artificial hormone derived from Gila monster saliva (!) It allows one to mimic some of the advantages of Gila monster digestion, like a steady rise in insulin production that matches increases in blood glucose, and delayed gastric emptying. One takes the drug 15-60 minutes before breakfast and again before dinner. Injectable is in the form of a pen with disposable screw on needles that lasts for four weeks.
	I had swelling and pain in my knee from itbs and in my ankle from tendenitis and it took down the swelling	"one tablet twice per day with food

took one month to see if worked then another to continue and then as needed.

marathon runner and needed it for repeat injury"
	Fell asleep within 20 mins of taking the drug; sound sleep all night long; no hangover effect the next day.	I've taken Ambien 4-5 nights a week for the last year or so, to help with falling asleep.  Despite being tired at night when I go to bed, I find that I can't "shut my mind off" and need a little help to actually get the rest I need.  Ambien helps me get a really good night's sleep, but doesn't leave me with a hung-over feeling that other meds do.  I usually only take 1/2 of the 10 mg tablet, and that's enough to help me drop right off.
	I felt immediate relief within 24 hrs - 2 tablets	Instructed by Ear-Nose - Throat Specialist to take pills with water 30 to 60 minutes - before Breakfast and then same time frame before Dinner. 40mg
	there was no more back pain so i felt relaxed. Tramadol also cleared migraines quickly.	"after breakfast i would take 2 tablets then another two after lunch and another two about an hour before bed.



If i had a migraine then i would take 2 tablets 4 times a day"
	Drug offers reliable pain relief with little negative side affects. Pain in neck, left shoulder, arm and hand.  Numbness in hand and fingers. Did not experience any nausea, dizziness.	Cervical spondylosis.  Attempted to treat conservatively with chiropractics, including stimulation therapy, traction, cold therapy and medication. Surgery required to fuse C5,6,7.  Peruneural root cyst C6.  Inoperable.
	The drug got rid of the acne but the problem reoccurred a year later	I had severe acne on the chest and back.  The drug got rid of the problem very quickly (within a month) but it came back worse a year later.  It was highly effective.  I should have treated my condition earlier as all of my chest and half of my back was covered with painful acne.
	Stopped the body's reaction to anxiety attacks	With propranolol the body stops reacting to the surge of adrenalin that attacks you when you get very anxious. The hands doenst shake, the legs doesnt shake, the heart doesn't pound and so on. Thus for me, it proved effective in breaking the vicious cycle where thougts start a bodily panic reaction which again fuels the thougts and so on.
	Worked very well to relieve depression and anxiety.  Left me feeling overall much calmer and more content.  Little things just wouldn't bother me anymore.  I stopped caring about things that used to upset me.	Took medication as prescribed.
	Been using retin-a for 9 yrs but had to start adding doryx due to resent cystic acne around my chin area, i noticed within a few days my skin has been glowing and my pores are much smaller. Its cleared up 80% of my acne and still seeing improvement	Took it once a day but had to start taking it every other day due to my frequent headaches and nausea.
	Doryx taken to eliminate bateria that causes acne	taking a 6 month course of antibiotic for acne 2 a day. differin once at night
	it gave a little respons but once we stop applying the spots appear again so it is frustating to keep on applying.it is not a cure but just a satisfaction.	one should apply once a day at nighttime.it will appear good in starting but once stopped will come again.it should be applied in a little amount.
	I had swelling and pain in my knee from itbs and in my ankle from tendenitis and it took down the swelling	"one tablet twice per day with food

took one month to see if worked then another to continue and then as needed.

marathon runner and needed it for repeat injury"
	Occasionally, acne would subside slightly.	I was to apply the Retin-A cream twice a day but the side effects outweighed any effects of treatment.
	I am 28 and had acne like a 16 year old the day before the prom. It was horrible and embarrassing. This was an experiment. We had no idea if it would even work. We started at 50mg twice daily and then went to the 100mg when there were no results. My face is flawless now. I am also sleeping better which I don't think is a coincidence.	I had brain surgery to remove what we thought was a pituitary tumor. We hoped this would resolve the acne. We were wrong about everything. I ended up having a very rare autoimmune disease called Hypophysitis. This is causing a whole mess of problems systemically. And when I say rare, I mean that there have only been 460 diagnosed cases since 1962. Yeah. So I have recently entered a study through Johns Hopkins. My treatment with Spironolactone will continue throughout my clinical trial and I will stay on it as long as it takes to keep the acne away for good.
	I had severe anxiety attacks and once they would start it was very difficult to decrease their intensity.  My heart beat got as high as 160bpm on two occasions.  I found the .25mg Xanax pills to be very strong so I only would take 1/4 of a pill, which was enough to stop the attack or prevent one if I felt one coming on.	I took Xanax on a prn basis.  Currently I am not taking it at all.  I was diagnosed with panic disorder and fortunately was perscribed Xanax.  Xanax helped prevent panic attacks and allowed me the opportunity to explore non-medicinal forms of managing the attacks.
	Practically pain-free. Durins a flare-up I sometimes take a 50 mm pill in order to get more short term relief as opposed to the extended release pill.	Diagnosed with rheumatiod arthritis about 4-5 years ago. I have occassional moderate/severe pain in my hands and proximal finger joints with swelling. Ultram helps tremendously with the stiffness and pain.
	"Well... what can I say? During the treatment I mentioned a considerable pressure decrease, and for sure it was a notable blood sugar decrease. I would recommend this drug to evedybody with sugar diabetes type II.



Adherence to a diabetic diet is an important aspect of controlling elevated blood sugar in patients with diabetes. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) has provided guidelines for a diabetic diet. The ADA diet is a balanced, nutritious diet that is low in fat, cholesterol, and simple sugars. The total daily calories are evenly divided into three meals. In the past two years, the ADA has lifted the absolute ban on simple sugars. Small amounts of simple sugars are allowed when consumed with a complex meal. For more, please read the Diabetic Diet article."	as prescribed
	Prevented pregnancy, helped clear mild skin breakouts, keeps the menstrual cycle on a specific schedule, can alter cycle by having doctor let you know how to change your intake pattern for the pills.	take one pill daily to prevent pregnancy - must be taken at roughly the same time every day to be effective.
	The hair on the crown of the head significantly and visually filled in to the state it was 5 years earlier and has maintained this growth since.	I take the drug once a day at night with a small glass of water.
	The furrows (lines above my eyes) on forehead disappered. They started reappearng after about three months. I looked younger. I also didnt look look like i was frowning all of the time.	The treatment consisted of injected 2 syringes, one on each side of the furrows lines on my forehead. The doctor said I could also have them injected on the sides of the eyes but i opted not to. Probably because of the pain.
	allowed me to function rather than having to spend 2-3 days in bed	Prescribed for migraine relief
	Well, I started on Flexeril about five days to a week ago. I felt a calm feeling and also it kind of helped my anxiety. It helped my headches a lot.	I have been taking different narcotic painkillers for years, and I just reached a point that there were too many side effects so I decided to talk to my doctor. He took me off the painkillers and tried a few muscle relaxers such as: Robaxin and Norflex-they did not work at all. I started on Motrin 800 and Flexeril, Flexeril is helping me a lot and I would definately recommend it to others
	decreased anxiety	I have been taking the medication for about 2 months and my anxiety from my obsessions has decreased significantly.  I no longer get "fixated" on thoughts and able to perform better at my job. I plan to stay on this drug as long as my therapists recommends.
	Climara patch almost completely stopped the severe hot flashes and severe vaginal dryness. It also has improved skin tone and elasticity, moderated mood, improved sleep (by decreasing hot flash frequency). The side-effect of pain in liver area from estradiol by mouth has gone away using a dermal patch.	After being miserable with frequent (20+ times/day, 7-10 times/night) and severe hot flashes (sometimes like a sudden sunburn, skin turning red and burning) for a number of years, I went on hormone replacement therapy. Estrogen by mouth had more side effects, so I went on the patch, which I have to change only once a week. The recommended accompanying treatment of progesterone caused more problems than the estrogen: a combination patch which is available is more convenient, but I found by trying it that progesterone really aggravates my IBS symptoms. To lessen that effect, I went on an estrogen-only patch and use a separate progesterone only 7 days/month. This is currently making me have periods again, not a fun thing, but I feel much better overall because my IBS symptoms are much less severe and less frequent.
	General anti aging effects on the face. Decrease in current facial lines and wrinkles and prevention of formation of new lines and wrinkles.	Subdermal injections to various areas of the face, crow's feet around eyes, horizontal lines between eyebrows and vertical lines on forehead.
	helped my anxiety, and overall mood.  I feel like I am less anxious and more calm.  I feel that my moods are more even.  I don't know what the long term effects are of taking this medication, though, and worry that I may get a stomach ulcer since I take over the counter pain relievers.	I take one capsule in the morning, as prescribed by the doctor.
	"Would bring down anxiety levels from an incapcitating point to a managable level on most occasions. Sometimes it could literally make the difference between being able to leave the house or not. Provided tremendous relief from the physical, mental and emotional symptoms of anxiety.



Worked very well as a sleep aid. Seldom experienced middle of the night waking."	Initially prescribed 1 mg. 3x a day for generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder. Adjusted dosage to take incrementally .25 -.5 mg. as needed.
	Reduced asthma	One tab a day of singulair and claritin
	The Skelaxin aided in my recovery from cervical disc surgery.  It eased muscle spasms and tightness in my neck, chest and arm.	As a result of my cervical disc (5-7) surgery, my neck, chest, left shoulder/arm/hand and face have a tendency to become inflamed if I lift something heavy, I am tired or I over use my arm.  Therefore, I continue to take the medications to ease my pain and numbness.  Additionally, I use Motrin IB, 200-800mg, as necessary.
	I was having difficulty controlling my temper, having loss of motivation, anxiety.  This helped to take the edge off so that I could function without the extreme mood swings.	I was advised to take the medication daily for the week leading to my period starting.  My dr said that through trial and error I would find the best treatment plan.  Turns out I usually take it everyday except for the first day of my period and 3 - 5 days after that.  I was also advised to take 20 minute daily walk in the sun.
	Patient was able to regain appropriate focus, improved ability in school.  Patient reported better communication skills with family and friends.	Pt presented with hx of adhd, prescribed adderral xr by physician, improved focus, f/u 1 month with continued positive results.
	less feeling of twirling...and more able to focus, and less distractability,more able to complete tasks and not flit from thing to thing	"instructed to take 20 mg daily...now I take 1/2 tab daily...ie 10 mg with good effect.

I have been taking 10 mg daily for some time now, and feel no need to increase to the 20 mg."
	Meridia helps me stick to my diet without thinking about food all of the time.  It seems that this happens in two ways; first, I do feel full most of the time, even though I feel some low blood sugar weakness that comes with weight loss.  The other part is that I just don't seem to care as much about eating, feeling weak, full, ect.  This is a nice mental shift which makes my weight loss plan feel like natural, like a life style change.  I just don't care about food that much and am able to think about other things.  Also, I have noticed that I when I am tempted to snack, I am able to see that I am usually emotionally stressed about something, so it is easier to think of another way to deal with my emotions and anxiety.  It is not a miracle drug.  I still have to stick to my plan and focus on meal preparation.  Also, it took 1 and a half weeks to really start working in my system.  It did not help my hunger the first week.  Just give it some time to build up in your body!	Take first thing in the morning with breakfast.  I eat three meals with two snacks a day and drink loads of water and iced tea.  You have to drink enough for this drug to work.  You need WAY more water, as much as possible.  then you really will feel full most of the time.
	I had mono which went undiagnosed and that, along with other life stressors had me very sick and run down. I was diagnosed with Irritable bowel syndrome and suffered from severe nausea. I was unable to sleep or eat and began to lose weight. I had tried many anti-nauseants to no avail and began remeron as a last resort. My nausea all but disappeared. I only became nauseated when working nights. My anxiety level also somewhat decreased.	I took 15mg once a day at bedtime as it causes drowsiness and it could be increased to 30 mg although I never needed an increase. I took remeron to get rid of my nausea which was constant and severe and it worked. After 3 years I had a major crisis in my life and forgot to take my remeron for 4 days in a row. When I finally did take it I was incredibly tired and couldn't keep my eyes open all day. I felt stoned and the only factor that had changed had been the remeron. I decided to try stopping as I had not suffered from that severe nausea since starting remeron. It has been 2 months and the nausea has not yet returned. I have no other side effects.
	My mood was stablized, and I was able to take advantage of cognitive therapy.  Without the medication, I was not able to benefit from CT.	I took 20 mg. of Prozac once per day, in one tablet.  It took about 6 weeks for the drug to reach its peak effectiveness, which is one of the drawbacks of this anti-depressant therapy.  I tried others, but they didn't work nearly as well as Prozac.
	My historically "high moderate" or borderline high blood pressure (140/90 or 150/100) has been brought to normal (110/70 or 120/80) so that further, more aggressive treatment is unnecessary.	I take one tablet in the morning.
	Smoother and clearer skin, believe it may act as a Vitamin A derivative and promote faster cell turnover. My skin had less cystic boils and lesions, skin was less oily and seemed more resilient, but you have to be careful with the dose otherwise skin can become more sensitive, and sun block is recommended with this medication too.	Treatment is simple - after cleansing the face gently, apply a thin layer of the Differin gel to the skin before applying anything else, in other words it should go underneath any moisturiser or any other product you are using so that it is in direct contact with the skin.
	"Helped with being able to feel more comfortable interacting in social settings.

Helped with being able to complete daily chores and activities. Also besides getting my daily chores accomplished I have more desire to attend social events and have picked up a few hobbies. Increased my overall since of happiness and positive outlook on life."	"I was started at 37.5mg for a week. Moved up to 75mg the next week. After a week at 75mg was then moved up to 150mg. I was then moved up a week later to 250mg. I took 250mg for about 2yrs. I had to cut back on the dose because I lost my job with insurance and could no longer afford 250mg prescriptions.

I tried to (without my doctors advice or knowledge) get off the medicine cold turkey when I lost my insurance. Doing that made me extremely emotional. I would start crying for no reason at all and felt crazy! I went back to the doctor and talked about my situation. She set up a program to slowly take me off the medicine. I stepped down my dose by 75mg every 2 weeks till I got to 75mg. Then I went to taking 37.5 for 2 weeks. Then went to 37.5 every other day for a week. Then 37.5 every third day and so on till I finally got down to none. I went 6 months off the medication before going back to the doctor to be put back on it. I have now been back on it for about a year now. I have no plans to ever stop taking it again."
	Helped with depression - did nothing for anxiety I did help me with my fear of crowds. It also helped me with my hopelessness I had been encountering.	Given for major depression.  One 150mg pill per day.  I still take the same dosage as I started out on.  I am afraid to up my dose because Wellbutrin can cause seizures in many people.
	Reduced excess acid and throat irritation, although not completely. Bending over still causes bile in throat.  Nighttime coughing still happens. Certain foods definitely trigger irritation.  Protonix was the last of 3 or 4 similar medications I tried (Nexium, etc) and all others had much worse side effects (headaches and dry mouth particularly).	basically 1 pill in the AM and avoid triggering foods such as chocolate.  Fortunately food triggers seem to be time-of-day sensitive. For instance, I can drink coffee but only in the AM.
	I had fewer headaches and the headaches which I did have were less severe and easier to relieve with medication. I have fewer days off from work and can enjoy life with family and friends without worrying about headaches.	I take a daily medication at bedtime (amitriptyline) which reduces the frequency of my headaches (significantly!) and then I take Axert when I do get a migraine headache.
	Eliminated the pain without the mental side effects of drugs like Vicodin.	After surgery, I was offered Vicodin or Percocet but do not like either because they cause me to be too foggy mentally. I initially tried just Advil but that didn't work on the pain. The Dr. prescribed generic Ultram (Tramadol). It took quite awhile for the first one to take effect (more than an hour) but it provided long-lasting pain relief. I was a bit leery of it because I read online that it can be addictive however, after 3 weeks I cut the dose to 1x a day instead of 2x and then after 4 weeks stopped entirely with no ill effects after that.
	Retin-A smoothed out my skin and reduced fine lines. It particularly helped the kind of lines that radiate from the corner of my eyes down my cheeks.  They virtually disappeared, and people remarked within a few months that I looked healthier, less tired, and younger.  I was happy with the results of using this product.	I spread a dab or two of the cream on my face at night before sleeping.  It took several weeks to acclimate to the cream. It did improve the appearance of my skin. I noticed that it also made what the dermatologist called pre-cancerous spots disappear (these were a couple of small spots that the doctor wanted to treat with topical vitamin A).
	I did notice right away a marked improvement in my insomnia and no longer require the clonazepam.  I too felt a weight lifted off my shoulders and my disposition improved.  I felt much better than I had in years.  Little aches and pains in my lower back and hips which I've been treating throught the chiropractor, became more tolerable.  My husband was pleased and thinks I'm much easier to live with.  I didn't realize how grouchy and difficult I had become.	Dr initially told me he thought my insomnia was depression.  I was desparate.  The sleep deprivation was making it hard to function at work and home.  I agreed to take 20 mg of citalopram.  My insomnia didn't completely subside, so I still was taking clonazepam .5 mg about every other night.  After a month, the dr upped the prescription to 40 mg.  I slowly made the transition from 20 to 30 then 40 mg.
	decreased hot flashes	After all these years on climara patch the pharmacy changed my patch to the generic brand and I'm having extreme swelling over my entire body, legs, feet, hand, face.  It is awful.  I will contact my doc today.  Could the change from Climara to the generic cause this?
	Treatment benefits were reduced anxiety caused by ringing in the ears sufficiently to allow rest and sleep.	Alprazolam used at night to reduce anxiety and ringing in ears, also reduced use of ibuprofen and tylenol as this may contribute to ringing in the ears.
	the drug fluconazole was a quick and easy way to get systemic drug levels to fight skin fungus.	daily dose of 100mg by mouth.
	A very good nights sleep is one of the benefits, found out that the sedative effects are actually increased in the lower doses.  I lowered my dosage and live the sound sleep.  it knocked out my delusions and hallucinations, hopefully for good.	I actually ended up with motion disorders from all the other meds, the worst one being parkinsons for over a year.  I had to take parkinsons drugs. It was so scary drooling all the time and looking stone faced, no expression.  I dont feel any signs of this with the seroquel.
	"I feel much better emotionally.  I was unable to get out of bed before I started treatment, and now I am back to having an interest in life.  It doesn't make me nauseous, which is a huge plus as far as I'm concerned.  I like that it doesn't cause weight gain or sexual side effects.

I was happy that it only made me feel mildly nauseous for a day or so.  I feel nearly back to normal emotionally.  I was concerned that it made my hands quite shaky for awhile, but after a reduced my caffeine intake, that subsided.  My only complaint is that it makes my ears ring.  All the time.  It is generally easy to ignore during the day, but I have found that I need a fan and a white noise machine set to a high pitch sound (like crickets) in order to be able to ignore it enough to sleep."	Started out on one extended release tablet at 150 mg once per day.  After 4 weeks bumped up to 300 mg dose.
	There was decrease in my acne and my skin became considerably smoother.	I used Tretinoin every night after cleansing my face. After cleansing, I waited 15-20 minutes (as my doctor had recommended) and applied about a dime size of the medication on my entire face. I made sure to use a sunscreen in the morning because Tretinoin makes the skin sensitive to sunlight.
	Helped my depression considerably.  Also, out of all depression medication I have taken since 1994, I have been able to stop taking Wellbutrin the longest before depression symptoms returned, so I believe eventually I may be able to stop taking Wellbutrin and not have depression symptoms return.	I pill daily.  I take the medication in the a.m.
	The benefits were that the bumps under my skin did gradually get smaller and go away.  They stayed away as long as i continued to use the product.  An unexpected benefit was the my skin had a nice glow to it, like i had come from a facial and my skin was smoother, after using it for some time.	I started by applying a small amount every other night before bed, but since i was peeling a lot and saw results i started using less frequently.
	Restasis helps with tear related problems:  dryness, reflex overtearing, mucous discharge, irritated eyes, redness and lid swelling.  It can irritate at the initial time of therapy but with extra artificial tears this effect is lessoned.	maintainence for chronic dry eye and sometimes helpful for blepharitis as well.
	Maxalt relieved all the typical symptoms of a migraine within half an hour and i could keep going with my day where as before nothing would help. Topamax is my preventative but i still get the occasional that will push through and thats when i use the Maxalt, hence why only afew times a month.	I take one 10mg wafer when i feel it coming as when it is past the point it doesnt work. Never needed to take 2
	The retin-a seems to have minimized some of my fine lines, and has helped clear my pores, greatly reduced blackheads and minimized white-heads, and almost erradicated cystic blemishes altogether.  I believe the product does actually promote quick cell turnover based on the results I have seen thust far.	I started using .05 % retina-a every evening after cleansing, but making sure my face was completely dry.  Only a small amount of the cream was needed.  I applied it carefully, avoiding lips and inner eye area.  Afterwards, I used a non-greasy, non-comedogenic moisturizer to minimize dryness, flaking and irritation.
	I feel that my skin is smoother, and hopefully the wrinkles will not get deeper as quickly as not doing anything.	The treatment was mainly to help keep the ageing spots on my face to a minimum and to try and prevent my wrinkles from getting worse.  I have found that daily use of exfoliating sheets and using an Olay thermal mini-peel or similar abrasion cream, I can keep the skin flaking under control.  I have to be careful out in the sun so I do use a sunscreen as well as a sunscreen powder make-up so that my skin doesn't tingle.
	"Reduced Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder symptoms, including inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. Allowed for greater concentraion on projects and tasks at hand.



Often before taking the medication I would just feel that it's impossible to get organized, to stick to the job at hand, or keep an appointment. Daily tasks of getting up and ready for the day's work, getting to work on time, and being productive at work were difficult."	I was told that in prescribing for an adult, special considerations are made. The adult may need less of the medication for his weight. A medication may have a longer "half-life" in an adult. We started with 19mg and worked up to 36mg. That seemed to be the correct dosage.
	Patient had a marked decrease in pain due to arthritis. Joint pain significantly decreased. Joint stiffness decreased a little. Overall, the drug is worth trying for arthritis pain and discomfort.	Patient was to try this drug for one month at a dose of 15 mg once daily. At the end of one month patient was re-evaluated and prescription was continued.
	The drug did exactly what it was supposed to do.  It completely eliminated all nicotine cravings leaving only the psychological aspect to worry about.  So if I kept myself busy, the thought of smoking would never even enter my mind.	I expressed to my doctor a desire to try this drug to quit smoking.  She prescribed it to me and I began taking it shortly thereafter.  Before my 2 week quit date had even arrived, I noticed a marked decrease in nicotine withdrawl episodes.  I just didn't need to smoke.  I found I was started to smoke only when I thought I "should" - after dinner, right before bed and other habitual times.  Once I stopped smoking all together, it was a relief to only have to battle my habits and not the withdrawl effects of nicotine as well.
	Severe pain in entire body was gone, and I mean GONE.  I felt like I was a little kid again, able to do anything.  I also had increased energy.	I take this medicine on and off, usually for a duration of about two months on a very low dosage.
	Some decent extra growth of hair, especially on the crown of the head. Ostensibly some on the front of the scalp, but hard to tell. Overall, it definitely has helped to preserve the hair I have (I have a twin brother who is effectively the control group, since he doesn't use such products, and he's getting pretty bald).	One pill, once per day.
	The pills regulated my menstrual cycle and reduced the occurance of cramps (so severe that I was often bed ridden). Other birth control pills that I had taken previously had undesirable side effects, such as weight gain, which I have not experienced with Levora.	One pill, once a day, preferably around the same time.
	"My conclusions of the medication are that it has definately lessened the amount of migraine headaches that I was encountering. I have not had to have an emergency hospital visit in almost a year. This went from a visit occuring almost every other month with horrible painful headaches in between this time. I still get headaches which are tollerable, and if I have a migraine have not had to go to the hospital for pain relief. It has been tolerable. I have now gotten my dose down to 15mg at night time only and am still having the same benefit. My only side effect were some memory difficulty in the beginning. I drove to my doctors office and became disoriented. Rather than panic I laughed it off and pulled over and had to think about where I was going.

It has definately had a positive influence on the migraines. It seems to have some sort of effect on eating though. I did loose a bit more weight which I did not need to loose, but now have been able to be back at my normal weight."	25mg morning and night. 9 months, then went to 15mg capsules morning and night for a few months. Now down to 15mg at night time only.
	Trazodone seems to help me to fall asleep faster and sleep longer. I had been having a hard time getting to sleep at night with insomia type effects. I would toss and turn and would have a hard time relaxing and would think about things that would make it hard for me to fall asleep. I started out at 200 mg, which would make me drozy in the mornings, and then changed to 100 mg which enabled me to get to sleep and not have such a side effect.	I take 100 mg. each night when I go to bed. I take this drug seven days a week.
	The drug has assisted over the years in providing body with appropriate estrogen to keep bones healthy.  It has also assisted in elimating hot flashes and causing menapausal systems.  Taking hormone replacement therapy assisted me over the years to feel healthy and strong.  It replaced needed hormone to my body.	I began taking estrogen replacement after my hysterectomy.  Due to having to have both ovaries and womb removed. I take estrogen once a day everyday and have been taking it since 93.  I believe I have benifited greatly from this hormone replacemend
	First of all- no babies! So it's effective. It also slowed my periods a lot, i had heavy bleeding and severe cramping before, and now I have a 4 day period with cramping usually only on the first day. It has kept my skin SO clear, and it's almost too easy. Just mark your calendar for the third sunday after insertion, and that's when it comes out!	Put it in on sunday, three sundays from then you take it out. You'll start your period on wednesday, then put a new one in that following sunday. TOO EASY!
	Leveled out my affect, helped me sleep and wake up more refreshed, minimized angry or generally emotional outbursts with my children and husband.	Began with 25mg for 2 weeks and increased to 50mg maintenance that I am currently taking.
	The medication helped me with concentrating and it helped calm me down when i was feeling anxious.	I take the medication 5 days on and 2 days off.
	Clear headed, Able to complete projects without procastination, 100% help with short-term memory, lessened depression and anxiety, no more obsessive eating, weight loss...	I have been on antidepression meds for 15 years, but my depression persisted regardless of the treatment.  I used to sleep 12-16 hours per day and was always tired and fatigued when awake.  I was diagnosed with sleep apnea 5 years ago, but even sleeping with CPAP did not help with my daytime fatigue.  After seeing MANY family practitioners, I finally broke down and INVESTED in a very well educated Psychiatrist who diagnoed me with ADD since childhood.  His decision to prescribe Vyvanse was brilliant!  I feel better than ever and am totally clear headed and able to consentrate.  For the first time in as long as I can remember, I can think normally!  No more racing thoughts in my head, and my depression and anxiety has all but vanashed!  I do still take an antidepressive, but I am CERTAIN that the Vyvanse gave the antidepression meds the ability to work.  I can FINALLY sleep a normal 7 to 9 hours and still be awake and alert throughout my 12-hour work days.  I was worried that the Vyvanse would elevate my anxiety level, but the opposite occured!  My anxiety is all but absent, and I no longer have the need to continue with my anti-anxiety meds!  There is NO SUBSTITUTE for a Doctor who is a specialist in mental health.  Spend the money and see!  A good Psychiatrist will spend HOURS with you before making a diagnosis, and if Adult ADD is what you have, then give Vyvanse a try.  It worked GREAT for me and my live has turned around for the better.  It is the best remedy that I have found in 15 years!  You MUST take it when you awaken for your day, because it takes about 12-15 hours to get out of your system.  If you take it later in the day - you will experaince insomnia.  Ask your SPECIALIST about Vyvanse...
	relief of symptoms of Interstitial cystitis, including pain and frequency of urination	Relieved my symptoms of  Interstitial Cystitis significantly after 1 year or so on the drug.  Even within 3 months it greatly reduced the pain associated with the disease and decreased the number of times I had to use the bathroom from  40 per day to <20 per day. With continued use, I believe it helped reduce inflammation/mast cell production in my bladder, and along with dietary changes and treatment for infections to my bladder wall lining caused by Lyme disease related organisms, Elmiron allowed my bladder to heal to some degree, reducing my symptoms further and my incidence of urinating to <10 times per day on average.
	Alleviated symptoms of clinical depression. Prior to treatment, experienced a severe episode of clinical depression that included acute symptoms such as insomnia, loss of apetite, loss of interest in life and people, suicidal ideation. After taking the drug for less than two weeks, I returned to a normal state of thinking, feeling, and functioning (which included alleviation of negative symptoms of depression and return to goal-oriented behavior and general sense of well-being.	Upon diagnosis of severe clinical depression, was put on 10 mg of Paxil for a week which did not produce any improvement (was still debilitated and unable to think, feel, or function normally). Dose was subsequently increased to 30 mg which produced the effect described above (treatment benefits). Medication was reduced after 2 years to a maintenance dose of 20 mg, and a year later to 10 mg. A traumatic life event resulted in a subsequent episode of severe clinical depression. The dosage was again increased to 30 mg and again resulted in the treatment benefits described above.
	"helped with stopping hair falling out and keeping from being cold all the time.

also helped the feeling of being tired allthetime and gave more energy throughtout the day.  Did not feel as tired in the afternoon as before without it."	take one 100mcg tablet each morning each day
	cleared the condition completely.   Augmentin worked after other antibiotics did not.   The infection was resistant to other antibiotics.	Two pills at 875 MG a day.  This lasted for a month.  Again my bronchial infection was resistant, or the doctor said I'd come down with the infection again [this happened in the spring two years ago, when there was a very resistant virus or infection going around and people were coming down with an infection again].  After two weeks of a regular antibiotic [azithroymicin] I was not getting better so the doctor put me on Augmentin.  It completely zapped what I had and I got over it.
	It worked quickly--within two days my sore throat began to feel better and the night sweats disappeared.	The drug did not fully get rid of strep throat. After the 10 day supply was exhausted, strep throat reappeared and was treated successfully with levaquin for 14 days.
	I am finally able to focus, concentrate on tasks, and able to stay on track at work. Before Vyvanse - I jumped from task to task without completing one prior to starting another.	Prescribed for adult ADD. I take one per day - 40mg.
	I suffered chronic pain and sleep disruption because of the PN of unknown cause (not diabetes).  I also suffered mild depression because of the chronic pain.  Cymbalta began to relieve my symptoms almost immediately (and the depression as well.)  I still have pain,sometimes better,sometimes worse, but this drug in combination with others (see above) as well as consistent exercise has helped tremendously.	I take cymbalta in combination with 2800 mg gabapentin and 25 mg elavil.
	Reduction in Alopecia progression which began at age 21. Alopecia was very agressive through 20s until procecia introduction. Since then the condition has been slowed although not stopped.	Taken orally once a day. Usually at night.
	Decreased TSH Level from 428 to 1.5  Loss of hair slowed. Memory and depression improved. Body temp increased from 96 to 97.8  Energy level improved drastically. I could finally get though the day without having to nap fequently(4/5 naps of at least 20 to 30 mins) Brain fog lifted. Muscle aches and pains deminished. Skin was not as dry.	I get my TSH Level checked every 6 months or sooner if I start feeling sluggish, lossing more hair. I sometimes need to increase or decrease the medication a bit. I take synthyroid daily 1 hour before eating and 4 hours prior to any calcium or iron.
	The benefits included mood elevation,obsessive thinking became less.  Anxiety and sleeping definately improved.	I had to take 25mg. to start and increase from there up to 100 mg. per day.  I also had some therapy.  Homework.  I had to slowly put myself into situations that previously made me very anxious, this drug truly helped!!!  I really did hate the weight gain though.
	Stopped chest pain, heart palpitations and anxiety. Didn't work so well on the pain tho. Overall gave me a sense of well being and did not interfere with sex drive.	Have taken the cymbalta for a year and the results are great. In addition, I exercise 3x per week. Have tried all the other SSRI meds and they made me feel like a zombie.
	I was able do my work without hassles and I'm free from pain right now. There's no need for me to cry anymore whenever I urinate.	This illness always occur when I use a tissue paper whenever I urinate..Until I discover Cipro from medsheaven.com, I finally ended up my pains as I took this medicine..It really really works for me..
	The drug cleared the acne.  In addition, it peeled away old skin at the site.  I used it over small wrinkles and skin lines (without doctor's knowledge).  I was pleased with the results over small skin lines.  These dissapeared or diminished.  The product does not work over face parenthesis or deep wrinkles.  It appeared to me that skin's tone also improved.  The skin also developed a healthy shine.	The product was to be used at bedtime.  To leave on all night and wash in the morning.  The treatment was to continue until acne resolved then use as needed.
	Before I began taking the Mirapex, I was taking Clonapin which was very ineffective as I was constantly waking up in the middle of the night having to take more medication to get back to sleep. I had to get up and walk around until the medication took effect and I was exhausted all the time. On Mirapex,  I am able to sleep at night without being awakened by my restless legs which is a huge relief for me and my husband.	I take Mirapex at 7PM every night so that I will not feel the effects of the Restless Legs Syndrome and will fall asleep, sleeping through the night in my bed without having to get up and walk around. This is a big relief to me and enables me to sleep in the same bed as my husband whereas before, I had to get up out of bed and walk briskly around the house. Now I am rested and able to function the next day. I have been part of a study group for Restless Legs Syndrome and I was the only one whose doctor had put them on Mirapex... others were on Requip and experiencing significant amounts of stress. After hearing about my experience with Mirapex, they were going to ask their doctors about it.
	Reduced stickiness of the blood.If inflammation of blood vessels did occur, the blood was thinner and so could get through vessels with reduced occurence of ulceration. General overall improval of condition.	Inconvient to remember to take as they are required three or four times daily. Overall very pleased with results.
	Hair maintainance. Without finasteried or dutasteride patient experienced prickly heat on scalp. With treament, the prickly heat stopped. Had previously taken finasteride and hair had regrown to some extent.	Take one pill daily in the morning. Seldom skipped dosage.
	reduced inflammation, hence, their enzymes are targets of current anti-inflammatory therapies. Products of arachidonate 15-lipoxygenases (LO) types I and II display both beneficial roles, such as lipoxins (LXs) that stereoselectively signal counterregulation	Topical application once a day in the morning, after cleansing and folloewd by a broad spectrum sunscreen. Altered with Benzoyl peroxide in the evening
	"Bystolic.significant lowering of dyastolic, systolic pressures and pulse rate..lower anxiety levels

Niaspan..over period of one year, lowered LDL cholesterol levels by 100 points"	"Bystolic.one tablet at bedtime...not necessary to take medication with a lot of water in order for it to be effective

Niaspan..2 750mg tablets at bedtime with full glass of water and 1/2 cup applesauce"
	The benefits were to relieve anxiety and to calm me down so I don't lose control and freak myself out. Also to control my heart palpatations when I become nervous.	I am not having any of the symptoms as much as when I first started to take the medication. I do still get the stomach upset if I don't eat a nutrious meal if I eat too much greasy or over prcessed foods it seems to bother my stoch than if i eat veggies and baked foods or boiled.
	I got longer, darker and thicker eyelashes. These were noticeable after about 6 weeks. Thereafter they continued to grow for a few months till they reached a maximum. Then I carried on with maintenance doses.	I painted a small amount of Lumigan on the upper and lower lashline every night for a week and then every other night thereafter. For this I used a small brush and a tiny little line.
	diminished inflammation, noticeable loss of swelling, pain relief, did not have to take it orally-I applied it as needed on affected knee. It has worked on other joints too (hands, hips, etc..)	I applied the gel as directed on box label. Larger amounts are needed on large joints (knees, hips); dosage is smaller on smaller joints (hands). I used the application strips provided with gel to measure dose, and washed my hands thoroughly after application. Within 20 minutes I felt better.
	I have already given this information.xxxxxx The term arthritis means ???joint inflammation.??? Some people refer to arthritis as ???joint pain.??? There are more than 100 different types of arthritis. The 2 most common forms of arthritis are osteoarthritis (OA) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA).	"I have already given this information.xxxxxxxx  Rheumatoid arthritis 

Rheumatoid Arthritis causes inflammation of the joint lining, called the synovium. This type of arthritis can cause pain, stiffness, swelling, warmth, and redness. The affected joint may also lose its shape, resulting in loss of normal movement. RA can affect other parts of the body as well, including the blood, the lungs, and the heart. Rheumatoid Arthritis is 2 to 3 times more common in women than in men, and generally affects people between the ages of 20 and 50. However, young children can develop a form of RA called juvenile RA."
	Oh my gosh I am in heaven I have suffered with restless legs for 20 years reallyA little nauseau when I first started bad. I was up walking the floor every nite at least 5 to 10 times a nite.  To me it is a miracle.  I have not had any restless legs since I started.	I take 2 pills about 1 to 2 hours before bedtime.
	I enjoyed life again and felt happiness, I could hold down a job and look after my family. I was no longer suicidal. I lost weight because most of the time I was no longer depresses. and My overall health improved	I took 150mg of effexor daily. For 9 years I was able to live a normal life with some small episodes of mild depression now and then. The last 12 months the effect seems to be getting less and the depression is rearing its ugly head again and I am isolating myself and have to really try to fight depression. I am experiencing the well known  pooping out syndrome.I feel it is time tolook for another anti depressant which I am dreading.
	The drug after an about an hour went into affect.  I had more energy and felt the desire to "do things."  During the day I did not think about food, and had no desire to eat.  I felt good and didn't care about eating.  It left you with a feeling of being happier too.	Well their wasn't much treatment details.  You take the pill first thing in the morning and drink a glass of water with it.  It is an appetite suppressant.   It also gave me more energy as well, giving me more incentive to exercise, work around my house, etc....
	None	Took 2mg for the first time ever (first ever sleep med) on an empty stomach and went to bed at 9:30 Got up at 11:30 and am typing this. I feel alitte sleepy (yawns) but it obviously did zip aliviate  onset insomnia.
	lessened the frequency of asthma attacks particularly during a chest cold and generally day to day.	One puff twice a day
	Treatment provided the patient with the ability to fall asleep quickly and stay asleep through the entire night	Patient was instructed to take .5 mg one hour before bedtime.  This was followed during the week nights and was immediately effectively.
	I was suffering from migraine headaches for more than 40 years, since a teenager. Topamax has reduced twice weekly migraine headaches to approx. 3 or 4 times a year for severe migraines, although I still suffer from chronic, but infinitely much easier to bear, daily headache. I am thankful for the use of this (originally) anti-seizure drug for migraine prevention.	For the past six years of treatment, via a neurologist, I have been adjusting the medication from 400mg to 600 mg per day, to the current dosage of 400mg per day, in a divided dose. One tablet am, one tablet pm. I would recommend Topamax to anyone suffering with chronic migraine as the primary drug treatment, with additional rx with triptan meds.
	decreased pain and inflamation, need no other pain medication for arthritis pain, have bee taking motrin for eight years with good results and little side effects other than mild nausea when taken without food.	take motrin 800mg, 1 three times a day as needed for arthritis pain
	The medication helped to reduce the headache pain if not eliminate it completely.  I was getting a headache almost dailey. It was affecting my job and family life. My migraine would start with a mild headache on the left side of my face and the pain would increase with time. Taking Relpax at the onset really helped to slow down the pain and in most cases stop it.	At the onset of the headache, I would take a pill.  Some of my headaches would start at night, around 3:00AM and I would lay in bed hoping the pain would go away.  WRONG decision.  I quickly learned to take the pill as soon as I felt ANY sign of a headache, no matter what time of day or night.  If you don't take the pill at the onset of a headache, the pill will not be effective in stopping the pain and you will have to ride the headache out.  That could take a day to several days before the pain subsides.  It is extremely important to take this pill at the onset of a headache.
	Completely cleared up mild to moderate acne on face, neck, shoulders, back, and arms and should continue to stay clear for some length of time.	I had slight to moderate acne that was just really annoying and was not fixed by any type of treatment, so I finally gave in and went on Accutane. After reading all the online horror stories I was scared out of my mind. However, I had a great experience on it. I took 80mg/day for 5 months and weigh 200 lbs (90 kgs) so it was about 1 mg/day/kg, which is a moderate to high dose I was told. My lips were pretty dry and cracked if I didn't put on chapstick all the time. I also had really dry skin if I didn't put lotion on my shoulders, arms, back, and face after showering. Everything else was 100% fine though. No nosebleeds, no depression, no hair loss, no unbearable side effects. These horror stories are overblown and rare, and tons of people have great results on it. My acne is gone 100% from all over my body and it is such a relief to not have to deal with it. On completion, my dermatologist told me he has prescribed it for 10 years and has never once had a case of depression and only 2 people have had bad blood tests. If you're tired of acne, give Accutane a shot. If the sides are too rough in your case then you can go off of it, but it's such a great drug if it works for you the way it did for me and many others like me.
	I was prescribed the drug Mercaptopurine after two previous treatment drugs had begun to prove less effective than before.  The doctor started on a higher course of the medicine, but the dose is currently 100mg (2 pills) every evening.  There was a significant reduction in Crohn's disease symptoms, particularly general intestinal cramping.  This was particularly helpful for cramping that tended to occur as I was relaxing to go to sleep.	I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease about eight years ago.  The doctor started with a series of Remicade and a prescription of Prednisone. This combination made it possible for me to eat again - hurray!  As for maintenance drugs, I have been on several, including Asacol and Pentasa.  There were probably others, but those are the two that I definitely remember.  It seemed as though my body would react well to a drug, but then the drug eventually lost that initial effectiveness. I have been on Mercaptopurine for 3-4 years now, and am getting ready to ask to move to a new drug. Mercaptopurine seems to be continuing to do a good job as a drug, but I'd like to find one that may be less deleterious to my liver.
	Significantly improved leg pain and allowed my child to use the leg and get stonger. Kept her from returning to narcotics. She was able to continue physical therapy and resume school. This site insists I write 50 words in this block, but I have covered all the relevant information. I just wanted people to know that once you adjust to this medicine it was a big help for my child's leg pain. I hope this is enough words.	Has had many surgeries since an accident 3 years ago.
	Reduces sinus congestion significantly. Made sleep easier.	I asked the doctor about it, he said it had very low sides and worth trying and 30 minutes after taking it I felt like I took 30mg of sudaphed but without the hyperactivity. Ive noticed when taking together with sudaphed it reduces congestion even more. Also seems to reduce allergies but not to the same extent as antihistamines.
	Improved appearance of skin (improvement of imperfections, reduced pore size, more even complexion, increased glow) and improved texture of skin (smoother and softer). Others have complimented me a lot on my appearance recently.	Retin-A .01% applied at night in a thin layer after cleansing to my face, ears, neck, and hands (applied every 3-4 days). Hydrocortisone 1% cream is used as needed to treat redness in case of over application.
	I quit smoking, minimized desire to drink alcohol, suppressed appetite, stabilized mood fluctuations.	Chantix somehow seems to suppress the pleasure part of the brain.  Before you realize it... you will have gone a whole day or maybe days/weeks without even thinking about a cigarette subconcsiously and when you do smoke a cigarette there is little to no euphoria or any other sensation for that matter, its just the taste of smoke and nicotine.  I also found it suppressed my appetite and my desire to drink, as well.
	I did not contract malaria and I also noticed some increase in the clarity of my skin.	Taken before during and after travel to India. I starting taking it several days before leaving and took it daily while there and for 1 month after returning.
	helped relieve the allegy symptoms for a part of the day	"while this product worked for a limited time, I have found another product that works 24/7.  This is an isotonic product (2 oz drink)that goes directly to the blood stream and among many other benefits dramatically reduces allergy symptoms.  http://www.marketamerica.com/topproducts-13009/isotonix-opc3.htm

I have no side effects from this treatment"
	Ziana minimized the large sore pimples.  I continued to have a few during my menstrual cycle. However, I continued to experience blocked pores / blackheads and very oily skin.  The product did not appear to help this.	I would apply the Ziana once a day at night after washing my face with a mild cleanser.
	Since beginning treatment with Evista, I have had three DEXA scans, and my bone density has remained stable.  I have had no broken bones or spinal fractures during this period, and I have heighth has remained the same.	I take one 60mg pill daily which can be taken anytime of the day, with or without food.
	lowered total cholesterol by 40 points	Both my husband & I have taken this medication.  His results have been more dramatic than mine.  He has seen a total cholesterol level lowering of 60 points to less than 200.  Mine has lowered to just above 200 at 215, which is the lowest I've seen.  There are minimal side effects.  Mostly a "fishy" taste for 2-4 hours after taking the medication.  Since I have difficulty digesting most vitamins, this is to be expected.  My husband has had no side effects with this medication what so ever.  It has the additional effect of lowering triglycerides.  While it is a prescription medication, it is concentrated Omega 3's & has proven the safest way for us to bring our high cholesterol to a manageable level after failing with diet & exercise.
	This drug was most effective in 'cooling' my anxiety.  The depression was less affected, but definately improved.  I felt much calmer and able to deal with my situation more effectively.  I wasn't panic striken anymore or weeping all the time.	I was treated for anxiety and depression with this drug, beginning with 20mg and then reducing it to 10mg.  I was going through a divorse at the time and could not cope with the overwhelming crisis.  This drug was given in combination with cognitive psychotherapy and together I believe they were very effective.  I was able to be weaned off very easily after one and a half years and feel fine now.  The side affects were a bit troublesome and they remain; ie.  the teeth grinding and ringing in the ears and weight gain.
	It did clear up my inner ear water. It also seemed to dry up the constant mucus that seemed to be in my sinuses. This helped me to be able to breathe better.	I took 1 pill each day. I enjoyed not having to take it more than once per day. I have problems remembering to take more than one dose a day.
	I did not notice any benefits in terms of decrease of pain or inflammation in the affected site.  I've found fish oil and curcumin to be far more effective with fewer side effects.	I was experiencing inflammation in my hip after surgery.  Mobic was prescribed to deal with the inflammation, but I didn't notice any strong positive effects.
	The medication does seem to help with joint inflammation.  I find no real benefit for headaches or body aches.  There are some studies that show this drug may be beneficial for the treatment of polyps in the large intestine which may be a benefit for me in the long run.	I take 2 100 mg pills a day.  As I said it does help with joint inflammation.  My attitude is, "what is the alternative".  Since I do not have an expiration date stamped on me, I will not know if this drug lengthened or shortened my life.  But it does help me today to lead what I think of as a more 'normal' life.
	My attention span was incrementally increased, as was the intensity of my focus. Also, while taking the drug, I noted a significant decrease in my appetite, which subsequently induced a fair amount of weight loss.	After noticing that I was having difficulty being attentive during my high school classes, experiencing an inability to sustain focus on one thing at a time, and was unable to finish assignments on time due to these two symptoms, I decided to see my doctor. He asked me a variety of questions about my current state and the problems I was having, and after listening, prescribed a small dosage of Adderall to alleviate these issues. After taking the first dose, my concentration increased ten-fold. As a result, my grades went up. I discontinued my use of Adderall upon my college graduation, and have found that while I still suffer from symptoms of attention deficit disorder, it is having a decreased effect on my adult life.
	My fingernails have grown back to where the nail hits the end of where it should be instead of clipped down. I cant wait for the nail to grow  back all the way to where I can pick up a piece of thin paper with my fingernail, as I work at an office!.Also, the little black splinters under my thumb nail are starting to go away, as is the yellowing and thickness of the nail, due to the infection.	When I saw the doctor 10 or so years ago, My nails were so bad, it was hard to look at them. The nails were thin and undernieth there was the infection of pus, so much that I had to clip the nails down and even pull one off; which wasnt difficult, because it was so weak, it just came right off. But after I took the lamisil, they grew back better, eventually.
	I had no benefits.  It didn't seem to make anything better at the time.  It seemed the depression was still the same and then I had side effects that affected me daily.	I was supposed to take a pill every morning with water.  I felt better once I stopped taking the pills and actually just started working on myself and my goals and then also wehn I started doing volunteer work to help children.
	Retin A Micro has lessened any uneven skin pigmentation.  Retin A Micro has minimized the size of my pores.  Retin A Micro has minimized wrinkling in my skin.	I initially began using Retin A Micro all over my face and neck (avoiding eye area) every other night.  My skin is fair and a little sensitive and it has tolerated it very well.  Every other day I do get a slight peeling of my skin around my mouth, my chin and my nose.  This peeling can easily be removed by sloughing off the peeling skin.  The benefits of Retin A Micro are unlike any skin product you could buy over the counter, used in conjunction with an effective sunscreen.
	if taken within the first hour of of your personal migraine symtoms the med. works very well. usually within an hour you can control the nausea and light sensitivity with only a little sleepiness.it only takes about 30 to 60 minutes to take effect so if you catch it early you can forego almost all your pain.	take one tablet on the onset of headache..usually if i take it within the first 30 min. i can control the nausea that accompanies the migraine...if i wait too long the med. doesn't work very well. also the ins. company limits me to 8 pills a month so if have to be very dilligent about taking the med. right away or i will have to take a second one a few hours later....they are too precious to use that much
	I was originally prescribed 20 mg, but the rating was creeping up again, so the dosage was doubled. As I only took it for 2 weeks, cannot be sure of effectiveness	I told the doctor of the problems, and he immediately changed me over to atorvastatin, 20mg, and the pains have disappeared.
	Helped with condition of skin around the eyes, mouth and between the eyes. They did appear less noticable. The brown spots were greatly improved, lighter, less noticable	Washing your face each time before each treatment..appling a very small amount, pea size of the cream. At night before bed and washing and reappling each morn. a very small amount so that it would soak right into the skin...After a few days the skin looked and felt better..After removing the loose skin. Which was not a great deal but there was some skin that would began to leave the treated area.
	I could completelly leave the corticosteroids and didn't feel the pain and inflamation except for some special periods of stress. Consequently I got a better quality of life.	I take one pill on breakfast, one on lunch and another one on dinner.
	Fewer allergies and sinus headaches.	Drug taken for allergies and sinus problems.  It helped to alleviate sinus pain.
	Hoping that contuined use will imporve my age spots and skin firmness.	I wash my face with a sulfate free cleanser and rinse. Wait 20 minutes and then apply the Renova cream to my face and around my eyes and mouth. Also slightly under my chin. I've found Renova irritates my neck skin making is red and itching.
	The only treatmenet benefits were the prevention of pregnancy and the near elimination of a monthly menstrual cycle --including the elimination of painful cramping during the monthly cyle.  The benefits at the time I was taking this medication outweighed the risks/side effects, but now the risks/side effects outweigh the benefits.	The treatment continued off and on for approximately 10 years.  During this time, I did go off of the medication for short intervals just due to the lack of necessity for the drug.  The medication was taken on a daily basis, and was effective.  Now, however, for me--the health risks involved in taking the drug (risk of heart attack, stroke, blood clots) far outweigh the benefits (I am a non smoker).  In addition, the mood factor also played a part in not returning to taking this drug.
	The objective of Tamoxifen is to work against the effects of estrogen on cancer cells. As a treatment for breast cancer, the drug is supposed to slow or stop the growth of cancer cells that are present in the body. I am praying that this is fulfilling its purpose but only in 3rd month of taking it so who knows.	I have to take Tamoxifen for 5 years.
	Ability to have benefits of birth control in the convenience of a ring, that allows freedom from worrying about taking a pill and an unwanted pregnancy.	I'm married, I have both a full & part time job and I'm enrolled 15 hrs in school.  The ONE LESS STRESS of NOT having to worry about birth control let's me focus on what's important right now.  This is my method of choice and will be until I decide I'm ready for children.  Nuvaring is reliable... you can't really mess it up.  The fact that I don't have to worry about a little pill everyday makes my quality of life better.  I have the Nuvaring timer, which you can order from the website, that aids in reminding me that it's time, whether it be insertion or removal, and can be reset for whatever day you choose for insertion.  I can see how one might forget they even have it in them.  I do not feel it, my husband cannot feel it, and it has not fallen out, like several other women have claimed.  I'm very pleased with this and hope that it works as well for others as it has for me.
	Allowed me to fall asleep and stay asleep for the first week.	I took one 10mg tablet every night and it was very effective for the first week or so. Then after the first week I found that one tablet wasn't very effective, I had trouble falling asleep and also woke up several times during the night. I took 2 tablets for the next few days and it worked well, but after that it wasn't working well anymore so I took 4 tablets one night. The sleep was very disturbed, I kept falling in and out of sleep all night, and felt extremely drowsy and disorientated. I discontinued the use of this drug immediately as I realized I had quickly built a tolerance to it and wasn't effective anymore, even with 40mg.
	Methotrexate significantly reduced my daughter's arthritis symptoms, allowing her to resume a normal, active life without joint pain.  After being treated with this drug, she has remained symptom free for several years now.  She did not have to progress to more expensive arthritis drugs since she responded well to methotrexate.	She took the dosage once a week for about a year, and eventually was weaned off of all her arthritis related drugs.
	There was a persistent area of blister like bumps on lower face similar to acne but without resolution.  With this treatment, the bumps disappeared and didn't return for one year.	Topical and oral antifungals and anti virals were tried.  Additionally, topical corticosteroids were attempted with no results.  Within days of beginning the doxycycline, the rash began to disappear and didn't return for almost a year.  Again the cycle began a year later with immediate start of doxycycline and the same results as the previous year.  I understand that peri oral dermatitis is not uncommon in women of my age and is thought to be hormone and stress related, much like acne in adolecents.
	the cream did reduce fine lines but my skin peeled first so I only usie it oc.casionally now. I would use it, the skin would peel and the lines are slightly reduced. It also dries up blemishes	I used this cream a few times a week at first and now I use it only occasionally. It is a moderately thick white cream that I applied only to target areas, frown lines, forehead, etc. Also applied to breakouts. The skin would peel slightly after a day or two and then new skin is revealed underneath. This is a very easy way to treat very fine lines.
	Wellbutrin XL made a real difference in my life.  I had a tendency to get unnerved and anxious at the smallest things and since taking Wellbutrin, my husband has noticed a huge difference in my disposition.  I was not a majorly depressed person, just mildly depressed and fatigued, and also becoming uninterested in activities that I used to enjoy.  Wellbutrin definitely made me feel happier and more interested in life. As far as the rumor goes of Wellbutrin enhancing sexual desire - I have not noticed a diffence in myself in that regard.	I take 300mg once a day and I've been on Wellbutrin for 2 years now and my doctor said there is no reason to stop taking it.
	Hot flashes are not as often and not so intense.The patch is very easy to use. I can not tell I'm wearing one. I no longer have night sweats. Going to work is a lot easier, my head is not constantly on fire!	patch was prescribed because I had no estrogen in my body what so ever
	Lifting of mood.	I began taking Wellbutrin about 3 years ago.  At some point, I realized the generic was available and switched to it.  I did not anticipate any difference in effectiveness or side effects as I thought the generic was chemically identical to the brand, minus the ink used to print "Wellbutrin" on the pills.  It took about a month before I thought switching to the generic might even be related to the onset of irritability and subjective experience of "heart pounding."  I switched back to the name brand and the negative side effects disappeared almost immediately.  Also during the period of irritability (and pulse increase, I think, but I didn't actually take my pulse), I had a blood vessel burst in my hand.  This was not a surface capillary, but a deep vessel, that caused a bruise to appear on both sides of my hand.  The bursting was not associated with any trauma to the hand, but seemed rather spontaneous.
	Allowed to drive again after build up to therapeudic level	Took 12 weeks to get to correct level and couldn't drive during that time
	Well, I never had sex without a condom, so I wouldn't really know. But, I guess it would be okay. not many people seem to have many problems with it.	It's sorta hard to remember to take it, but its alright. I'm really not liking the moodiness though. little things really get on my nerves.
	some of the lighter spots lightened slightly but the darker spots did not really fade, in fact it seemed like they got a little darker	apply twice daily, morning and evening.
	Lumigan worked fairly well regulating eye pressure for over five years, however less effectively in the past year. A second drug was added (Timilol)to further reduce eye pressure.  Lumigan taken p.m. Timilol taken a.m.	Lumigan is taken at bedtime - one drop in each eye.  Then fingertip pressure is applied at the tearduct for three minutes to allow the drops to take effect.
	Decreased depression. Decreased anxiety with heart palpatations.	After about a week of taking the medication, I felt "like myself" again and not like a crazy person. I had felt that depression and anxiety were takin gover my personality. The medication neutralized these feelings.
	There was a huge reduction in the number of migraine headaches that I experienced.  Before I started on the meds, I was getting migraines 3-4 times per week.  Now I get them once or twice a year.  I think the daily meds may even slightly reduce the rate at which a migraine (the rare times that I get them now) comes on.	I take one pill daily and have to visit my physician every six months.
	I used to have a serious acne problems starting from age 14, at 16 I started to see a skin specialist.   After a month of taking this medication I saw a good result, my acne started to clear off within 2 months there were minimal acne, after 4 months no more acne, (just occasionally one or two popped up)  It worked well on by drying up my oil glands so my face were less oily and it helped fixing up my scars as well.	Doctor prescribed 2 weeks of antibiotic to clear off my break out with some antibiotic cream and of course sun block, followed by roaccutane 20 mg for the first two months 1 capsule a day and after seeing a good result he advised me to maintain a low dose of one every other day for another eight months. That was the maximum dose I can take after which calculated against my weight.
	not having to worry about taking a pill every day, but simply putting it in forgetting about it for 3 weeks and then take it out and be without for a week.  simply doesn't get any easier than that.	simply putting it in forgetting about it for 3 weeks and then take it out and be without for a week.  simply doesn't get any easier than that.
	Permanently: cured of cystic acne.  Temporarily:  eliminated blackheads, smoothed skin texture, skin appeared "poreless".	I am 43 now but took Accutane back in my early 20's for moderate cyctic acne.  I took a second course in my 30's for mild/moderate non-cystic acne which was probably hormone related.  I absolutely loved taking Accutane and wished that I could take it again at a milder dosage to treat blackheads and have that smooth "poreless" skin again.  It seems to speed up skin cell sloughing and I didn't need to exfoliate, just use a good cream.  After years of taking antibiotics and using awful creams that made my skin dry and red, Accutane was a godsend.  My older brother and sister have terrible deep scars from cystic acne (my sister had dermabrasion many years ago before the age of laser) but I do not have one scar from my cyctic acne.
	The treatment benefits were considerable as OxyContin reduced my pain considerably. In the beginning I was advized to take the drug 1 hour before the previous one wore off as it can take up to 1 hour for it to work. The pain however always did go away and therefore relieving me of it and making me feel comfortable again.	This medication was prescribed to me following my knee arthroplasty. I had a surgery done on my knee where the joints have been replaced. following the surgery I had severe pain and so the doctor as opposed to morphine prescribed OxyContin. I was taking this drug 3 times a day and later 2 to 3 times depending on my pain. The drug worked very well and I was satisfied with it.
	it was a very strong pain killer.	even though it was a very strong pain killer there was still considerable pain felt before the next prescribed dose was to be taken. i don't know if the anti nausea ingredient was effective because i felt like vomiting every time i smelled food and did vomit whenever i tried to eat, for about 3 days. however, i didn't feel nauseous when there was no food present. i was too disoriented to perform daily functions without help, or think clearly while using the prescription. after i stopped taking the pills it took a day or two before this effect wore off.
	"Lexapro immediately reduced my propensity for negative thoughts (e.g., ""I'm not worthy"" / ""everything sucks""). It was almost as if thinking negatively became impossible. Consequently, panic attacks and depression diminished greatly.



The drug also made me feel overall less tired (I was previously feeling tired all the time). Consequently, my sleeping pattern normalized."	Treatment was initiated by a general practictioner for self-reported tiredness and panic attacks. The next appointment was in two weeks. Since there were no continuing side effects, and the drug seemed effective, we decided to continue it for at least 6 months. I have now been taking it for 3 months.
	"Sleep very well, at least 8 hours unless something wakes me up. Hiatus hernia not there on last endoscopy. major digestion problems gone. some slight acid reflux/indidgestion if eating big/heavy/rich meal. otherwise excellent.

Not happy with side effects if miss dose or try to come off-very dizzy, sick, hallucinating etc. so have to take without fail before bed every night."	20 mg a day at night.
	"patient slept better

patient had some decrease in pain"	"patient tolerated the medication and continued to take.  dose wasn't increased because of fatigue

if pateint had tolerated medication better would have increased the dose.

medicaction can be helpful for nerve pain"
	The drug dissolved the clots over time and the pain and swelling  mainly subsided unless I was on my feet standing in one place for a long period of time.	"I have had two episodes of thrombophlebitis with deep vein thrombosis diagnosed the first time with a veinogram, and the second time with an ultrasound.  I was hospitalized 11 days each time and put on heparin through an IV with complete bedrest.  When I was released I had follow up medication of coumadin for 6 months with prothrombin time testing every few days to moniter and adjust the dosages.

After that I began developing vericose veins that I had treated with sclerotherapy and infrared venous closure procedures of the saphenous vein for venous insufficiency."
	It took a while since the dose increases so slowly, but I started to realize that I wasn't reacting so severly to my daily emotional changes. If I was upset about something, I wasn't experiencing the sever mood swings I normally would. My frustration and anger no longer controlled me. A general sense of being able to handle my negative emotions without falling apart. My family noticed a big difference.	I was seeing a therapist and psychiatrist for over a year and had tried 4-5 medications for depression, some worked temporarily, some not at all. Both therapists thought my symptoms indicated Bipolar II and I should try a different approach. I stared on a very low dose, as indicated, so the benefits took a while to notice. When I reached 150 mg, thought it was too much so dropped back down to 100mg and have been on this dose for about 18 months. i have a med check 3-4 times a year.
	Amazing results with minimal side effects.  I suffered from severe headaches for years before finally consulting with a neurologist.  Imitrex was life changing because I no longer worried about getting a migraine, which in turn reduced the number I was getting!	Very simple - Take one pill when I felt like a migraine was coming on.
	The benefits were remarkable and fast.  Before taking the mirapex, the patient got very little sleep and consequently was irritable.  After taking the mirapex, the restless legs calmed down immediately.  The patient can now go to a movie, take a trip in a car and sleep with a reasonable amount of comfort.  The restless legs are not totally cured, but it is manageable now.  Even working 8 hours a day is much more manageable.	The patient developed restless leg syndrome around the age of 35 after a boating accident where her back was injured.  The doctors do not know if the back injury brought on the restless legs or not.  The patient went to many doctors and neurologists.  The doctors tried many medicines but with no success.  Finally the patient found a neurologist in central Kansas that figured out immediately what was wrong.  The doctor put the patient on mirapex on a trial basis after performing many tests to rule out other causes or problems.  The patient has never been on another medicine for restless legs since going on the mirapex.  The  patient does take a multivitamin with iron in it to help with the restless legs and the patient also does not have caffeine drinks.
	Craving reduced.  Smoked first week and two days of second week.  Find I don't think about having a smoke when first get up or right after eating all the time.  But I still do have cravings at times.  The cravings are manageable.	I did the starter packet for the first seven days as prescriped.  Now I am on the 1mg twice a day.
	"Much reduced occurrence of papules and pustules.

Increased healing time and generally results in a clearer skin.



The combination of topical benzoyl peroxide with oral doxycycline seem to synergistic reducing the severity of acne."	Doxycycline was administered in the form of a capsule. Taken orally with a full glass of water for each dose of capsule. It was taken once a day.
	helped decrease reactions to common allergens. I have hay fever every spring and Zyrtec helped with the common symptoms of hay fever. Helped decrease sneezing, runny nose and decreased reactivity to allergens experienced during the spring season when my allergies are the worst.	took as symptoms of seasonal allergies started. Used primarily 1 pill per day maybe 3-5 times per week from April to September.
	very little benefit, slept a bit better, still got anxiety, cant always sleep, offered valium as well for bad days, good days are wonderful, stressful time isnt over yet so body still goes into panic	25mg more than one month, given more for another month, unsure of the benefits, need to ask a professional about amitryptiline
	helped me to fall asleep quickly	I was taking 100mg ambien each night for approximatley 2 weeks.  this was because I could not fall asleep.  the Ambien was very effective
	happier, slept better. The Lexapro helped with energy levels and anxiety; the Trazadone with sleep. Together they worked quite well, I thought, as I was peppier during the day and slept well at night. So all in all, I would say that this was an excellent combination for someone suffering from sleep deprivation, which contributed to depression, low energy, and anxiety. I felt cured	50-150 mg of trazodone and 20 mg of lexapro daily. I took all at night, just before going to bed. I would when trying to bring the Trazodone down--so I would be less groggy in the morning-- go very slowly, 25 mg less every few days. Usually this would work. If I woke in the middle of the night, I would immediately get up and take another 50 mg. I have probably taken up to 250 mg in one night, but very rarely. And I have had long periods where I was at 50 mg, only taking more if I was really stressed out or my mind was buzzling with too many details. I recommend this combination really.
	Stratterra enabled me to concentrate and focus on tasks at hand.  It makes a world of difference in my daily life.  After four years of using Stratterra, I would never switch to a different ADHD medication.	I take 1 60 mg of Stratterra in the morning daily.
	Improved my quality of life and was able to maintain a job for longer period of time. I have suffered with chronic severe migraines since the age of 4 with severe nausua resulting in 3 to 4 emergency room visits per month. I missed so much school, work and family events that I became unrealiable which later brought on depression. I still suffer today 44 years later with them but they are not as severe and I can now function in life somewhat normal. Imitrex gave me a chance to live my life the way I wanted to!	After over the counter medications failed to relieve headache pain I could tell if the headache was triggering a migraine and at that time take the imitrex pill and the migraine would be totally gone within 30 minutes. If the migraine was to strong with nausea symptoms and the pill didn't work, I would then take a imitrex 6mg shot for almost instant relief including nausea. Very rarely will the imitrex not work and then I have to go to emergency room.
	improved... focus, concentration, memory, organization, timeliness, mood, patience. Improved ability to attend to unpleasant tasks.	TR concerta in the morning. I found that it was most effective taken with water rather than juice.
	"Insomnia, night sweats and hot flashes stopped with in 72 hours.

Mood has stabilized, memory has improved and I am feeling more focused. libido has returned and Skin feels better."	Apply patch 1/week, follow up with MD in 5 weeks.
	Produced mature follicles for iui cycle.	Used gonal-f on cycles days 3-7 to aid in producing mature follicles for iui.  Drug was successful and had no complications.  Would use it again if I needed to!
	"Fosamax tended to hold the line, i.e., my bone density did not progress rapidly.

It never increased the density.  The density decreased gradually."	"I took one tablet each morning on an empty stomach and waited a minimum of

one hour before eating or lying down.  I tried the weekly dose, but this

did not work and my bone density increased.  For me, this represented a 

difference between the daily and weekly versions. I never took the

generic version released recently.



Three years ago, I replaced Fosamax with Strontium and for the first time,

my bone density increased 3%."
	The dizziness subsided, the auras appeared a lot more infrequently	After my cardiac procedure, I ended up with high blood pressure because my body was not sure how to deal with the change in my system.  Where the blood was flowing from one atrium to the other was now closed and I was feeling so dizzy I had to look down at the ground to walk.  I couldn't drive. I went to my doctor several times to try and find out what the trouble was.  I monitered my blood pressure several times a day and was put on Atacand which seemed to work well.  However, I found it made me so tired, that I took half a pill in the morning and half at night. Now my body has adjusted a lot, I am only on half the dose I started with. I also take a baby aspirin daily. I rely on Atacand to keep my blood pressure stable.  Once in a while, if I start to feel dizzy or get an aura I take 1/2 a pill of Atacand and sit down for a bit and my symptons soon go away.
	I experienced some alleviation to the constipation but it was not ongoing.  It was temporary & it was not regular.  I expected that the treatment would be a cure not jsu a temporary relief.	I experienced constipation as a side effect to pain meds from surgery.  I did not have previous problems with it.  It never got better even a long time after the surgery.  My doctor recommended I try amitiza after many over the counter products failed.  I used it for 3 months.  I had some relief but it definitely was not a cure.  I quit using the drug since it did not give me significant relief.
	Increased confidence, more frequent sex, renewed intimacy with partner.	The treatment was to take Cialis before expected sexual activity. The timing wasn't essential due to the long lasting effect of the drug.
	pain was relieved and could sleep with ease	after kidney stone i was prescribed oxycodone in a small dose of 7.5 mg for up to 6 times a day. i cut back to 2 times a day after 3 weeks and now just take about 7.5 to 10 mg per day once a day.
	less severe depression. Lessoning of anxiety.	take one pill once a day
	The treatment easy and convenient and effective for skin turnover to prevent acne.	You are to apply nightly to acne spots but I found it worked better as a preventive measure all over face once your face is used to the drying. Differin worsens any open wounds but is a great preventive measure
	I experienced almost immediate relief of both bursitis in my left thigh and tennis elbow in my right aarm.  I also had a strained muscle in lower back area which I also experienced relief from.  The bursitis had been bothering me for quite some time (8mths)and mainly at nighttime when I was lying down in bed.  I found it difficult to get comfortable and often used a hot water bottle to soothe it.	Take with a large glass of water (i must say I did not notice this instruction until now).  Take 1 tablet daily (with food) when required to relieve pain and inflammation. Swallow whole.  Do not crush or chew.
	I had less pain and less stiffness.	I went to the dr with pain in joints that started after getting lyme disease.  I have had stomach problems with naprosyn. So he prescribed arthrotec.
	more motivated and focused to accomplish daily activities, increased feelings of energy and decreased feelings of uselessness	in combination with talk therapy, i took 40 mg of Lexapro in the morning because when I took it in the evening, it caused some restlessness.  Before Lexapro I took Prozac for a year and found that it caused me to have interrupted sleep cycles so that is why I changed to Lexapro
	Stopped steady weight gain, lethargy and insomnia. Also seemed to help with my problems with poor ciculation and generalized brain fog (inability to focus).	daily Oral dose of Synthroid. Medication be taken 1 hour before or two hours after eating. That can be difficult to do.
	Pristiq elevated mood and energy levels.	Pristiq was prescribed at a 20 mg dose and then increased to 40 mg dose. I continue to take it as it has been the most effective medication for alleviating symptoms of depression that I have tried, including Prozac, Effexor, Wellbutrin and Lexapro.
	I have debilitating panic attacks. After I was on Zoloft for a couple of weeks I noticed a substantial difference. I no longer felt the "looming dread" that comes with a panic attack and I just felt calmer and more in control than before. I was finally able to get my life back and felt more at ease.	My family doctor prescribed it for panic attacks. I saw a psychiatrist years ago but it really didn't do much apart from giving me tips on what to do constructively if I have a panic attack. Which of course didn't help because when you're paralyzed with fear you can't do much of ANYTHING constructive with your time.
	Within 3-4 weeks I had no depression and less hyperactivity; I was better able to organize my work and accomplish daily tasks; it regulated my sleep cycle. I told my husband that this must be what 'normal' (non-depressed, non-ADHD) adults feel like.	Before using Wellbutrin I had trouble getting to sleep, then trouble getting up in the morning. I was very irritable, depressed and frustrated. I always felt groggy and could not 'get it together' until late in the day. When my treatment began, I started by taking one 150 mg pill first thing in the morning for a week. Then I took one 150 mg pill in am and one 150 mg pill in pm (this was before XL came out). The third week and from then on I took 300 mg in morning. I felt so much better that I was not bothered by the slight let down in the evening. However,I didn't feel really well consistently all day until the XL formula came out. I have tried the generic and I don't feel as well and I had constant stomach aches to the point that I was having pain near my gall bladder and was considering being evaluated for gallstones. All of this cleared up when I went back to Wellbutrin XL and I have not had a problem since.
	Elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.	Initial treatment included therapy and Lexapro in addition to Wellbutrin XL.  Now only on the Wellbutrin XL.  I see the psychiatrist every 4 months for re-evaluation
	I was actually throwing up a couple of times a week during the night. Found I had Barretts and the treatment cleared up the Barretts after about 5 years.	I take 20mg everyday before I eat dinner. To me the side effects have been worth it I don't believe I would be here today if I wasn't taking this medication. My dad died of stomach cancer. My brother and sister exhibit the gerd symptoms and are also on the drug now.
	I saw measurable difference in reduction of blackheads and pore size. I was also really happy with the evening of pigmentation. I had sun and age spots as well as freckling and  saw a huge difference in the lightening of all these problems.  My skin had a much better over all tone a seemed to become firmer over time.	I would wash my face in the evening with a mild cleanser and then every other night when my face was completely dry I would apply a small amount of Retin-A to my face with the exception of the immediate eye area. The evenings that I did not use Retin-A I would use a good night moisturizer.
	"The Ibuprofen gel would enable instant relief as it could be applied topically and carried around easily in ones pocket/bag.

The Diclomax SR tablets tended to work quite quickly therefore providing quick relief. I also used an ice pack which combined with the other treatments mentioned gave me round the clock relief."	"The treatment was for my back pain, this was lower back pain caused by a slipped disk.  I also received cortisone injections which gave little or no relief.  I was prescribed 3 tablets a day of 75mg dosage to take with meals.

I also had to undertake some back strength exercises in order to strengthen the muscles which had wasted away."
	"Anti-inflammatory effect on my joints helped a lot especially my spine.

[NSAID]HELPS RELIEVE PAIN/SWELLING OF ARTHRITIS,SO YOU'RE ABLE TO USE YOU'RE JOINTS MORE EASILY.  THE MISOPROSTOL HELPS PROTECT THE STOMACH FROM UPSET AND ULCERS."	TABLETS ARE TO BE TAKEN TWICE DAILY FOR AS LONG AS NEEDED.
	Severe long term depression and anxiety were alleviated.	treatment began 3 years ago, 20mg/day was adusted to 10mg/day taken at bedtime for 2 and a half years. 4 months ago dosage was decreeased to 5mg/day at bedtime.
	Ability to focus, not become so disoriented.  Able to think more clearly.	I take 3 Adderall per day. 1 1/2 pill in the morning, and 1 1/2 in the the afternoon.  Each pill is 15 mg.  I break one in half to divide between morning and afternoon.  I see my doctor once every 3 months to discuss how it's working.  I started out on 5mg, 2x/day, but I developed a tolerance to it over time and went from 5 mg/2x day, to 10mg/2x day to 15mg 2x/day to 15mg 3/day.
	The benefits of Seasonale is that you only have your period once every three months.	You take one pill every day for 90 days, wait 7 days, and then begin the cycle again.
	Effectively lowers blood pressure with very few side effects and NO cough, No drowsiness and no sexual problems of any kind!!!	"I had been searching for a drug for hypertension that had the fewest side effects. Every time I saw my doctor it was like I was being a guinea pig for the next lot of side effects and it was really getting me down. So after a little research on the net, I came across this drug and reviews from people who have taken it.

I told and showed my doctor the results and he was happy for me to try this drug and I am glad that I did. Previous drugs gave me an instant irritating cough and also made my feet swell up.

This drug is by far the best I have tried so far and just one 8mg tablet a day does the trick for me!"
	Sleeping was possible.  It works well without making me sleepy the next day like Ambien did.  It also works quickly as long as you lie down right away.	Taken as needed for insomnia.
	Loss of apetite, feeling of well being,satiety with small portions of food.	Low calorie diet, exercise three times a week, one capsule 2 hours after breakfast. I only take this medication 4 times a week, because by the fourth day the effects wear off, but are rejuvinated by the time I take it again the following week.
	Extremely better clarity of mind.  Much higher energy.  More strength.  More optimism.  More vigor.	Rub gel on forearms twice per day.  Extremely easy.
	Eased the leg pain.  I had full range of motion in knee.	For leg pain from knee surgery.  I really like this medicine.  I know certain people who couldn't take this medicine.  Everyone has different side effects to medicines.  I will continue to take this medicine.  It also gives me a lot of energy, which is good.  I have to get up at 3:30am for work.
	lowered blood pressure	take 1 Hyzaar every morning
	I have taken this drug for four years, with a hiatus of about 1 year because I was afraid of dire side affects that had been widely advertised, having to do with the deterioration of jaw bone. The alendronate did not seem to stop the slow progression of my osteopenia, as measured by yearly bone density scans. I tried a regular exercise program, using a vibration machine (powerplate) and that stopped the progression of my osteopenia. I stopped the alendronate medication, thinking the exercise was more helpful and I was afraid of side effects.  However, the exercise alone did not work. I have re-started the alendronate medication and am hoping that the combination of the medication and exercise will help.	I take the medication 1/wk.  I also run or walk daily.
	I thought the medication did an okay job.  My anxiety never entirely disappeared, but there was a noticeable reduction.  The medication would probably have been more effective had it been combined with a talking therapy, but it was not.	Basically, I had anxiety attacks and was prescribed Lexapro.  I took the pill once a day every day for about a year, when I was weaned off.  Apparently, if you don't wean yourself, you can experience withdrawal.
	overal improvment in mood, cognitions and phyiscal symptoms. feelings of helplessness, worthlessness gradually subsided. Negative cognitions e.g. suicidal ideations were dimenshed, although it took a while for it to happen	After being assessed by a psychiaterist using differnt scales for depression, the patient was diagnozed with moderate to severe deprssion. The patient was then commenced on Prozac 20mg daily which was then to go up to 20mg daily. some side effecteds were reported during the firt two weeks, but they gradually wore off to minimum. The patient was on the medication for 2 years. The results were an improved mood, changed( positive outlook to life) and improved motivation and apetite
	I am more able to stay on task and finish what I start.   I don't make so many mistakes in the details of my work.  I am more able to concentrate consistantly on a project and not get so easily distracted.  I am more confident that my work will be done well and in a timely manner.	I'm taking this because I have trouble with details.  Things like where I parked my car.  I go into the kitchen to get a glass of water and open the refrigerator.  I come out of a business and walk around aimlessly because I have no clue where my car is.  Things are much better now, I rarely have occurrences like this any more.
	improve the skin appareance making it thicker and more resistent to enviroment agressions besides acne lessions for those who suffer the disease are drastic reduce making even the skin apereance looking it softer and radiant	10mg each day taking pill over dinner or taking it every 48 hours
	Hair loss was abated and some regrowth occurred but not on the crown area. Also hair thickness and strength appeared better.	After one year reduced the doseage by 25% per day and noticed some lessening in side effects.
	Less sneezing, headaches, and stuffy noses.	Other than making me drowsy, this stuff is great, while it works.  The problem I'm having is that I'm only allowed one pill per day and that pill wears off after 12 hours EVERY DAY.  Then, I'm back to being miserable, again. :(
	"I started using Retin-A after the birth of my second child when I broke out with

adult acne.  At the time it was not advertised as an anti aging cream and as I was only 26 or so I really wasn't concerned about wrinkles. Because of the warning of photosensitivity increase to sun exposure I used sunscreen daily (I lived in Tampa,FL). Now at the age of 62 I have gorgeous skin. Yes, I LOVE products but my basic regimen has not changed. Cleansing,Sunscreen and Retinol-A

at bedtime. I had been on HRT for 10 years  so that should be factored in to the equation."	"Nightly use pea size amount. Wait 20 minutes after exposure to water (cleansing)

so that skin is completely dry."
	After suffering with chronic insomnia for the majority of my adult life, and after all of the popular sleep meds failed, I found Xyrem and it has changed my life. I am now in control of when I go to sleep and when I wake. The depression (Beck Index: 28) vanished after 3 weeks of treatment (Beck Index: 5). Anxiety has also abated. Loss of fat, increase in muscle size and strength. Improved energy. Improved interaction with friends and family.	"I take 3.25g at bedtime, usually 10:30 PM.  This normally produces sleep until about 2:00 AM. I then take another 2.75g dose and sleep until 5:30 AM.  On average, I get 5.5 to 7 hours of sleep and it is the best sleep I have ever known.  I no longer stay awake for days on end and I never have to come home on my lunch break to nap.  



With the exception of the outrageous price, Xyrem is an amazing treatment for insomnia.  It is a shame that the media has turned such a wonderful treatment into an evil 'date rape drug'."
	Greater energy, almost twice as much faster recovery from excercises and workouts. Much reduced muscle and joint pain compared to pre treatment, losing some weight, appetite control and feeling satisfied with less food. Less junk food cravings.	Treatment for hypothyroidism, high TSH levels.
	I have seen a great improvement since taking Zoloft.  I am a classic type A person and tend toward anxiety when I have alot going on in my personal and professional life.  I asked my physician about Zoloft when my second child was 2 years old and I was under alot of stress at work.  I sleep much better, am more even tempered, and more optimistic when taking Zoloft.  Another benefit, probably due to my anxiety being under control, is that I think more clearly.  I don't become distracted as easily and find it easier to stay focused on projects at work.	I take 75 mg in the morning.  Zoloft was prescribed to me by a family practice physician when I was 41 years old. The first 18 months that I took Zoloft, my dosage was 100 mg.  I took a break for about 2 years and asked my physician abbout going back on Zoloft last year, when I turned 45.  I was experiencing mood swings right before my period and, in doing research on the internet, learned that this could be due to my age.  One recommendation was treating the symptoms with zoloft or another prescription drug.  My physcian started me on 50 mg, and I went up to 75 mg after a few months of taking Zoloft.
	Due to unresponsiveness to acetaminophen and negative side effects from aspirin and ibuprofen, I was given a prescription to Percocet.  This did a wonderful job reliving the pain.  I now live a pain free life.	one 5 mg in the morning and one at night
	I lost ten pounds in the first month.  I was given 90 more days....and doing well.	I am needing to lose 60 pounds.  Had been struggling to lose for 5 years. My sister lost 75 using Adipex, and I went to her doctor to try it.  I love it so far. My clothes are fitting looser.  I exercise regularly and eat less.  I do not feel hungry or crave sweets like before.  I can't wait to see another 3 months.
	I usually wake up in the middle of the night with a migraine.  I take a Zomig immediately and usually within an hour the pain is gone.  I've been taking Zomig for over a decade and won't go anywhere without them.	I suffered with migraines since I've been 22 years old and now I'm 59. No matter what medication I tried, it never took the pain away. A little over 10 years ago, I had a severe migraine while I was at an Acupunturist for a back treatment and asked him if he could do anything for my migraine and after giving him more information he came to the conclusion that my migraines are hormone related and he couldn't help.  He gave me a sample of Zomig and told me to try it and IT WORKED!!!  I was in awe and called him immediately to thank him for introducing me to this drug.  I've been taking it since.
	After having a severe outbreak of psoriasis Enbrel was the only one that cleared it up in about a month. been on medication almost three years and still have some psoriasis flare ups but not as bad as it was before. Maybe caused more due to stress. Also joint swelling and pain in my legs have gone away still feel fatigued sometimes but common with the disease.	I get treated for psoriasis and psoriatic artheritis. I take sure click injection myself once a week 50 mg.
	I felt more stable in my daily activities; more capable of handling stress; and better able to successfully complete my daily responsibilities of working nights, parenting three children and keeping a house running at an acceptable level.	I was prescribed 10mg initially and this was not enough so my dose was increased to 15mg.  I would occasionally take an additional 5 mg, totalling 20mg, but this was rare.  I eventually weaned myself off of the medicine.  My doctor said that it would be acceptable for me to do this myself as I felt ready; largely because my father had died and my mother had remarried and we both felt it was going to be a temporary need only.  I took Lexapro for approximately 6-8 months.
	Methotrexate kept the RA from progressing rapidly. Pain, swelling and stiffness were noticeably less when taking medication. It did not stop RA progress completely. In addition, arthritis nodules did develop.	Injected myself in the thigh once a week.
	Facial redness decreased within the first month. Facial flushing was decreased.	I applied Finacea to my facial skin twice a day after cleansing. My main aim was to decrease the redness caused by Rosacea. This was successfully achieved, my skin seemed paler and less reactive to my Rosacea triggers (which include sunlight exposure and spicy foods).
	Yes would recommend this drug for people with mild depression,	1 pill every night for depression.My doctor wanted me to try different medication,as my depression comes and goes.
	Some decrease in headahces.  However, now all these years later taking estradiol, I look younger than my friends and my skin is in much better condition.  I'm not wrinkle free, but have fewer than most women my age who have not had hormone therapy.	I was experiencing hot flashes, mood swings and headaches before taking estradiol.  Since taking it, the flashes and mood swings disappeared.  I have been on hormaone therapy for about 20 years and have no intention of going off.  I feel good and look good for my age and I attribute some of that to the hormonal therapy.
	The treatment effectively got rid of my infection and also alleviated my pain after taking twice(on day).	After seeing my doctor I was prescribed Penicillin V and took it for ten days twice a day.
	more restful sleep. which helped me to be more alert during the day and less nervous and paniky thinking about my inability to sleep at night knowing I had to work the next day.	1 tab at night when needed one hour before bedtime.
	"Acute pain in tooth subsided normally within 30 minutes, and the relief lasted 6-8 hours.  Allowed me to sleep the entire night without being awakened by the return of pain.



I was later prescribed Codeine after the procedure, which only dulled the pain to half intensity."	"Prescribed by my dentist to ease pain until I could have a problematic wisdom tooth extracted.  Received 30 tablets to be taken as needed for pain.  I took a half tablet when the pain was less severe and a whole one when I thought pain might interrupt sleep.



My back went out suddenly one day and I was unable to stand or walk without excruciating pain.  I took the last two Vicodin in one dose and the moment I was able, went to a clinic where the doctor chastized me for having a narcotic.  The onset of pain relief was rapid, the side effects took longer to present, but when they did, they were more marked.  Same amount of drowsiness, heavy limbs, and a trance-like state."
	Panic attacks and depression completely alleviated; true 'happy pills'. I wish I could keep on taking them indefinitely as I am in a life situation which can't be readily changed in the foreseeable future, where I am unhappy and stressed, which can and does lead to depression and negative, sometimes suicidal, thoughts. I found Sertraline completely ineffective for my IBS.	I gave up taking Sertraline completely on my own volition as the condition was getting worse and although more irritating than serious, it started to interfere with my sleep.  The condition took around 2 months to completely disappear.
	It is extremely, powerful antibiotic, which give immediate effect with in two hours.	500 mg of azithromycin once in a day...for three days gives total recovery from sinusitis.
	Not sure if it is effective or not.  Pain is gone in the morning but steadily increases as the day progresses.  I am virtually unable to function by evening.  I think I may ask my physician to prescribe an additional 5mg to be taken in the afternoon to see if that prevents the pain rebound in the afternoon.	Starting PT in 2 days.  Currently on Flexeril QD HS x 5 days.
	I went from being in extreme pain and sometimes almost immobile to being able to go back to work at a physical job	i sarted off with taking 3 - 5mg pills a day, over some moths I was down to 1 - 5mg pill a day.  I went off the medication a few days and was ok until the third day.  I went bace to taking 3 pills a day for a week, am now down to 2 a day and will go down to one a day next week. I then will bee taking 1 pill every two days.  The trick is to take as little as possible while not taking too little and having to start over again
	within 2 weeks obsessional thoughts were less, so much so that she could return to work, she increased dosage slowly over a few months to maximum 150mgs with marked improvement in her obsessional thinking and she was able to complete a masters degree. After one year slowly decreased dose. Would definately take it again if obsessional thinking returns in the future	as above
	the only complete relief from one sided headache and nausea	I was prescribed 100mg dosage pills, which are about the same price ($15/pill) as 50 mg. Taking a whole pill gave me relief but also a light headed sensation and odd heartbeat. I bit the pills in two to take approx. 50mg.  Gradually my system became inured to it's effects and I had to take the whole pill, also occasionally it just doesn't work anymore.  I have long lasting recurring headaches and have always been worried about overuse and rebound headaches, but so far, so good.
	Greatly improved the sense of urgency. I usually had to urinate every 20-30 minutes. Now I can go as long a 2-3 hours. I find I need to take it as soon as I get up for the best results.  If I wait I have a morning of running to the bathroom. I used to get up around 3-4 times a night and now get up only once.	I had been suffering for years with an overactive bladder but had never brought it up to my dr. until our daughter was getting married in Jamaica and I just knew I could never make it without some help.  Doctor gave me sample and I saw improvement and tolerate it well so I have been on it ever since.
	Relieved depression.	I take one pill a day.
	Alleviated deep depression.	Treatment ongoing.
	I have had a cough for 15 years I related to allergies, plus post nasal drip that kept me up at night coughing.  Had sinus infections every year and then twice a year, went to dr and would be on antibiotics for 10 days or so and get better.  Well I finally went to a specialist and all the previous years I thought I was better, I was not.  My sinus were so infected he said I had a chronic sinus infection which was probably 4 years old.  He treated me for months with antibiotics and still could not clear up infection.  Sent me to Ear, nose , throat dr. and he wanted to do surgery right away.  That was 2 months ago.  After using the Flonase in combination with singular I have not had any problems.  Post nasal drip gone!!! which is a huge blessing.  Wish I had this nasal spray 10 years ago.	I use every morning at the same time along with the Singular.
	Definite lowering of feet and leg pain, numbness and foot-sensory control.  However due to the length of diagnostic time required and the progressiveness of the problem, Cymbalta (in a.m.) and Lyrica (in p.m.) work well together.  The neuropathy does not both me at night, once I am laying down and settled.	Lots of testing at the Mayo Clinc (unmedicated) and then medicated with Lyrica, eventualy Cymbalta was added and works quite well about 60% of the time.  Prolonged walking or standing, driving over an hour,the wearing or shoes with backs, and socks exacerbate the neuropathy.  Some lower leg and foot therapy and massage also assists for short periods by releasing endorfins(?).
	Pain relief that was seen within 30 minutes.  If migraine was not reduced then a second 25 mg tablet is taken after the 30 minutes.	As stated above, a 25 mg pill is taken at the onset of the migraine, followed by a second dose if pain is not reduced.
	Clearing of sinus infection and bronchitis.  Used a few times for same problem, sometimes after trial of azythromicin (which did nothing) or doxycycline which  also did very little.	"Found to be the most effective antibiotic for sinus infection and bronchitis.  

Also used for h-pylori effectively."
	i have had eustachian tube pain in my neck for about 2 years most days, and almost everyday this last year.  this is the only thing that has ever worked to relieve the pain, and as a benefit it helped with some mild allergies.  LOVE IT	summary is above
	"Eliminated physical craving for alcohol. Relaxing. Reduced anxiety. Lowered blood presssure and heart rate.

I had been unable to taper off or quit drinking alcohol for over 3 years, and drinking was affecting my work and home life. I was frightened of the severe anxiety when I would try to stop drinking. Working with my PCP we agreed on this threatment, which worked."	"1 tablet every 6 hours/day for 3 days. Extra tablet at bedtime if required.

1 tablet every 8 hours/day for 3 days.

1 ~ 2 tablets/day for 4 days."
	I have suffered from acne for 10+ years, and let me tell you, Accutane is the only thing that's worked for me.  Improvement in skin in days... clear skin in a couple weeks.  I have tried almost every treatment out there, and no results have compared to those I got from using Accutane.  Take it from someone who's suffered a long time: try it and you won't be sorry.  Be wary of some of the possible side effects, though.  I didn't experience anything too drastic, but everyone's different.	the doctors started me off on high dosage and gradually reduced it.  usually, it's two or three pills a day with meals.  also, one drawback is the monthly blood tests and dermatologists visits.  they are time-consuming, but worth it.
	I had a complete hysterectomy at age 52 and started HRT to avoid the immediate menapause which occurred right after surgery. Unfortunately the hospital staff put me on the estrogen patch which did not work and I was miserable the first couple of nights with severe hot flashes and poor sleep waking up often with soaked clothes and the sensation of itching everywhere during the day. Once my GYN doc changed me over to Premarin .625mg everything adverse disappeared and I enjoyed no menapausal hot flashes,mood swings, loss of sleep, vaginal dryness and my skin benefited as well, no lines or wrinkles and good elasticity.	one tablet per day .625mg-took for ten years-yearly mamograms with no problems
	No change in acne despite 15 days of usage -- probably antibiotic resistant.	I have had acne for 30 years, and have used several different treatments. Most effect was Benzamycin, but very drying. Most recent doctor prescribed Minocycline to reduce current breakout. But no effect.
	Completely took away my severe chronic body pain. I was able to sleep at night and was not fatigued during the day. You have to be very careful with the dosage and slowly increase it, but it is completely worth it.	Lamictal saved my life. I suffered from severe chronic body pain for 3 years, and naturally I searched for a physical cause but was never able to be diagnosed or treated correctly. Finally I was diagnosed with depression and began taking Lamictal. I felt a 180 degree difference in my life immediately. I started initially with 50 mg and slowly titrated up to 200 mg. Now I can sleep at night, I am not fatigued during the day, I can complete tasks and have motvation, and most importantly, I am completely pain free. The number 1 cause of body pain in teenagers is depression, and many doctors fail to take that into account.
	Topamax greatly reduced severe migraines that were occurring almost daily and it  seemed to greatly lessen the hypersensitivity of my brain to overreact to triggers that caused my migraines(stress, changes in barometric pressure,certain food,smells,noise, and light),stabled moods,reduced irritability, increased weight loss(40lb).	I started with a low dose(25mg) first week every other day, second week we increased it to once every day, then the following week increase the dose in the evening, following week increased the dose in the morning also. After approximately 4 weeks we maintained the dose(50mg taken 2X daily)for almost a year at which time I started to decrease the dose very slowly and stop taking it do to lack of migraines.6-8 months down the lane the migraines start coming back not as strong but just in case I got back on medication starting very low dose and very slow again.Stop taking medications after 10 months and been migraine free ever since(just a handful in the last 4 years).
	Venlafaxine is a bicyclic antidepressant, and is usually categorized as a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI), but it has been referred to as a serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor. It works by blocking the transporter "reuptake" proteins for key neurotransmitters affecting mood, thereby leaving more active neurotransmitters in the synapse. The neurotransmitters affected are serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine) and norepinephrine (noradrenaline). Additionally, in high doses it weakly inhibits the reuptake of dopamine, with recent evidence showing that the norepinephrine transporter also transports some dopamine as well, implying that SNRIs may also increase dopamine transmission. This is because SNRIs work by inhibiting reuptake, i.e. preventing the serotonin and norepinephrine transporters from taking their respective neurotransmitters back to their storage vesicles for later use. If the norepinephrine transporter normally recycles some dopamine too, then SNRIs will also enhance dopaminergic transmission. Therefore, the antidepressant effects associated with increasing norepinephrine levels may also be partly or largely due to the concurrent increase in dopamine (particularly in the prefrontal cortex).	My uptake levels were not severely out of balance. I started with 150 mg and felt the positive effects in 20 minutes. I was told it would take a week. I reduced the dosage to 75 mg then 37.5 mg after six months because I felt those doses to be too strong. I know others that found this drug helpful. Others it had no effect on at all, even at doses of 300 mg.
	I have had SVT's all my life.  It was only when I turned 24 that I sought treatment for them as they usually were linked with a syncope episode.  I was originally put on the grandfather of beta/alpha blockers inderal.  While this drug was effective at treating my migraines, it was not particularly effective at controlling my palpitations and it tended to lower my blood pressure too much.  I always felt tired and had little energy on this drug.  At 24 years of age I was not happy to have the energy of a 65 year-old.  Next came atenolol and labatolol (when I was pregnant).  I also had break-through palpitations with these drugs as well as low-enegy side effects.  With labetolol I could barely jog down my street without becoming significantly winded and according to my cardiologist I fell into the 94th percentile for "in-shape" people my age.  Finally, when bystolic hit the market I was thrilled.  First of all I didn't need a large dose of it to be effective.  Second, it was effective.  I experience no break-through palpitations, and last but not least there were very few to no side effects.  I had energy again and I could get throught my cardiovascular exercise without becoming winded.	I take 2.5mg of Bystolic one time per day to control palpitations.  This drug is commonly prescribed for hypertension but I do not take it for that.  At this dose it does not lower my already low blood pressure very much but it is effective against the palpitations.
	Mirtazapine was very effective in treating chronic insomnia. I was not sleeping due to severe anxiety and moderate depression. The drug has significantly improved anxiety symptoms and is gradually lifting mood and reducing depression symptoms	15mg daily for first 2weeks, 30mg daily ongoing
	With OAB there was the urge to urinate frequently which felt like a constant mild bladder infection.  There was some relief after a couple of days on this drug. However, some days I felt as poorly as I did without them.  But after approximately 8 weeks almost all of the discomfort was gone.  I feel pretty normal.  One key to making this work is to deliberately not urinate too often.  I have noticed that now I sometimes need to remind myself to go.  I probably feel the urge less than I did before I had this problem.	Take one capsule in the morning before eating breakfast - on an empty stomache.
	some clearing of acne but not completely. re-occurrence still happened. Scarring was still there. Overall, did not feel that effectiveness was best. Possibly a more natural cure would have been better.	taking tablets but also doing warm compresses on affected areas of skin. also went for extraction treatment. It is possible that the extractions were not done properly so that is why the scarring remained.
	Reduced incidence of cyctic acne.  Supposed anti-aging/reduced wrinkles are widely published.  I can't confirm these benefits, as I treated my whole face and don't know what it would have looked like without treatment.	pea-sized dallop of creme rubbed onto face nightly
	I did eventually fall asleep but it took a while (was told it only takes 20-30 min. but ended up being a couple hours, I read and eventually fall asleep and then the quality of sleep was poor; I just toss and turn all night I have 23 left I'll keep taking till gone, maybe they will improve over time.	One pill every night before I get ready for bed, treatment for insomnia.
	I am less angry, sleep a little better, MUCH less anxious. I am able to play with the kids without unhappily obsessing over all the things I should be working on. I can just chill out and be in the moment.	Clinical depression runs in my family. My sister was clinically depressed at the age of 9. She and I were both sensitive, angry, sad, and sometimes suicidal. I have just lived with it, not really taking meds much. I have to notice a difference in a few days if I am going to stick with something. My aunt told my sister that the people in our family do well on Paxil. My sister felt that it worked for her for a year or two, so I started taking it because it has reached a point where I have to be happy or die from stress. the Paxil had a noticeable effect on my anxiety levels in a matter of days, and an effect on my level of general happiness in a matter of a week or two. The doctor prescribed 20 mg which I just can't take because it makes me too sleepy the next day. I take 10mg which was enough for the first month. Now 10 mg is almost not enough, I can feel the anxiety there sometimes but more Paxil will make me sleepy. My 10 year old son inherited the family depression problem, he's been talking about killing himself and others. He started taking Paxil also, I have noticed a big difference. He is not angry so much anymore. It is helping us truly. I usually won't take prescriptions, I think they make people sicker sometimes. I will keep taking this stuff as long as the benefits outweigh the problems.
	Elimated restless feeling and able to sleep at night. The main thing is that I do not go off the deep end when something goes wrong or that I do not control. I also had the side / added benefit of dropping fifteen pounds within the first two monhts of starting medication which also naturally makes you feel better as well.	My doctor recommended this course of treatment after several visits and it has worked very well for me.
	The benefits allowed me to physically calm.  this allowed me to sleep better, eat less and encourage a better outlook. Without Tramal life was very down.	I only was required to take one tablet in the evenings, this was easy and I never forgot.
	allergies were completely cleared up while on the medication.	mostly for seasonal allergies or occasional reactions to things like dust or pet dander.  was on the medicine for about two years but now my allergies are much more mild than they were at that time (moved to a different climate where the allergens are not as prevalent).
	Almost complete removal of all existing and future acne. I took this drug with meals and could not be happier. Accutane changed the whole composition of my skin, changing me from very oily to normal/dehydrated in just over two weeks. The remainder of the dosage resulted in secureing my clarity and allowing my skin to look and feel better.	After trying topical treatments, subscription products and tetracycline for many months, and with no decernable difference, my family doctor put me on a cycle of Accutane. I was thrilled with the results, and could see the medication working almost instantly. The side-effects dimished after about 3 weeks. I used, and continue to use, 5% benzoyl peroxide gel cleanser and spot treatment (both Panoxyl brand) while on the medication.
	"I was suffering from mild back pain for a sports injury and also insomnia.  Not only was my back pain temporarily eliviated, I got uninterrupted sleep while I was taking this medication.  Before then, I hadn't slept for almost a week straight.  It was very important that I allowed at least eight hours of sleep.  I made the mistake a couple of times of taking it when I wasn't going to get a full nights sleep and ended up severely drowsy and unalert.  On those two occasions, I ""made-up"" for the missed hours of sleep and over slept.  This did not help, as it furthered my sleepiness.  I sort of had to get on a schedule again.  



When taken properly, it can be very helpful."	To treat aches and pain associated with back pain and insomnia.
	Effexor was prescribed to alleviate hot flashes, and to help me sleep through the night.	Will only take for 6 months as I have heard that Effexor is highly addictive & causes severe withdrawal symptoms.
	Made the patient feel normal pretty much.	I see a psychiatrist regularly.  He originally prescribed me Prozac many years ago, when I started seeing him after my husband left me abruptly alone with a three-year old son.  I felt like I was losing my mind.  The prozac helped calm me, but it was really when I began taking the Depakote that I began to feel good about myself, and anchored enough to take care of my son, who is now 19.
	After 6 weeks of taking 10 mg  of Prozac, physical anxiety symptoms  dramatically dimished. Now, 6 months after beginning treatment, my blood pressure has also fallen. With BP medication alone, my BP hovered around 135/85. Couple with Prozac, my blood pressure is consistantly in the 110-120 over 80-80 range. I also experience very little panic attacks ( I used to have several a day). When I do experience one, I have been able to self talk myself down from it.	10 mg Prozac every morning
	Minimal, if any.	After two weeks of taking Celebrex I was able to walk easier but I feel the progress was due to staying off the leg and keeping it elevated. Celebrex did absolutely nothing for the intense pain. When the prescription ran out I started taking 800mg ibuprofen (prescription) every 6 hrs and within 4 days I was walking normally.
	Cleared my acne after 2 months with sporadic breakout but not as severe before starting regiment. Wrinkles reduced and cleared scarring as well. My skin texture improved dramatically. Hyperpigmentation disappeared and skin seems to be resilient to wrinkles.	Washed my face with non-soap over the counter cleanser (Purpose or Neutrogena), waited for about 30 minutes and applied a pea size amount of the cream and massage it over the face until fully absorb. I use neutrogena 100 SPF during the day to ameliorate/deter any future sun damage.
	"some reduced frequency in urination. didn't seem to reduce urgency 

a;lkjd ajalkd; adlfjsldj safljslfk fdsakjs sfdlkjsl salfjsdl sdfljlksd lksdafkj;s saldfjslk sdfkslfkj sdflkjslk"	take once per day. was told it could take up to 6 weeks to see any results. took once per day as prescribed in the mornings with water but without food.
	This pill is awesome!	I have been on the Birth control patch for years and after switching to seasonique, the change is amazing.  My mood swings have stopped, my sex drive is back and my period is almost non-existant!  This is seriously going to save my marriage ;)  Love this pill!!!!
	Helped to alleviate allergic reactions to the environmental allergy agents.	I had mild to moderate allergic reactions to environmental stimuli such as pollen, mold, mildew, dust mites.   In addition to using dust proof casings on my bed and avoiding areas where mold and mildew were apparent,t he zyrtec really assisted in helping me feel relatively symptom free.  Some of the symptoms I typically had were itchy watery eyes, congestion and occasionally rashes.  In some extreme cases, the rashes were extreme as in hives.
	The benefits are: helps acne and scarring, improves skin texture, heals acne quicker, and feels refreshing.	apply a pea-sized amount to skin, every evening over infected areas, start by putting it on your cheeks, chin, and forehead. If side effects occur, apply every other night.
	Cymbalta got me out of a major depression.  I am still taking it.  It also relieved my back pain for about 6 months but that good effect has diminished.  While I still am not the happiest camper, I am able to function normally.  I was not able to function before the cymbalta.  When I first got on it, I had extreme fatigue for several days and some "electric jolts"  when I was lying down.  However, that side-effect has gone.  It also causes some constipation, which is something I've rarely experienced!  I eat a very high-fiber diet but even so I'm not my "normal" regular self.   I'm writing this because of all the negative things I've read online.  If I had read them before I started the cymbalta I would not have gone it.  I'm happy I did not read anything!  I now feel that these reviews are written by  people with miserable results, or people who are incredibly impatient and expect and instaneous cure are the folks writing most reviews.	I take 60 mg. once daily in the morning.
	The prevention of pregnancy was the benefit in addition to almost completely eliminating a monthly menstrual cycle.  Other than that, there were no other benefits involved in taking this medication.  The benefits at the time that I was taking this drug outweighed the risks. However, at this time, the risks and side effects now outweigh the benefits.	I took the birth control pill for approximately 10 years fairly consistently. There were periods of time during those 10 years when I did not take the drug.  I am no longer taking the birth control pill and do not currently see this as a viable option for me given my age and potential side effects.
	i had a calmer outlook in general and was able to cope with stressful situations better. Also little things that use to stress me out i was able to deal with.	One dose daily of zoloft 50mg at night to prevent drowsiness during the day
	My dry cough and sinus infections were virtually eliminated.	When I began taking flonase I was experiencing at least annual sinus infections and waking frequently from a dry/choking cough.  The coughing is a very rare occurence for me after taking flonase and I have significantly fewer sinus infections.
	Zoloft made me feel considerably better, which is to say it decreased the severity and frequency of my "why me" or "I suck" bouts, but the underlying facts were still the same.	I was put on zoloft while still in the hospital having suffered a Traumatic Brain Injury. I was just taking whichever pills the doctors set out for me, and when i left the hospital i just continued taking zoloft, because i knew i was going to be depressed. I continued taking it for about a year and a half after leaving the hospital but eventually wanted to try living with a clear mind. When I stopped the dosage gradually (as one is well advised) I went on living ok, but was still depressed. I was looking for something to take my mind off the recovery, so of course i dabbled in alcohol and the occasional marijuana use, but I eventually went on to realize that i didn't need any drugs at all. There is something to be said for a natural high, but i decided to put myself back on the lowest dose of zoloft in hopes of clearing my mind so that i could go back to school without the depression hampering my focus.
	clear skin. limited break outs	Initial treatment began with application of medication and then wiping it off after a period of time. Used inconjunction wiht a mild moisturizer and tazorac. Continued application was extended until product is applies before bedtime and not washed off. Used daily
	I started to take euthyrox to treat my under active thyriod , my symtoms where hair loss , voice horsness and pains all over , at first I was advised to take 50 mg , but that did not do the trick and my endo upped my dossage 12.5 mg a month, so far my hair has stopped falling out, my voice is back to normal, and I can stay wake in day , and not so tired taking this medication changed my life	took 50 daily then dossage was incressed every month 12.5
	There were little to no benefits to using differin to treat acne.  while it may have helped exfoliation, it did little to treat current and to prevent future acne.  instead of differin, using a separate skin exfoliation product in addition to an over the counter acne treatment might have been more beneficial.  My acne worsened using Differin -- some say it is because the impurities are being purged from beneath the outer layers of the skin.  I don't know if I completely buy this theory though I would have believed it if it showed some improvement after three months.  Unfortunately, it did not.	differin did not help prevent acne or get rid of current acne.  it worsened the condition though it was explained that as it helped the skin exfoliate, the impurities beneath the outer skin surfaced.  however, there were no improvements after three months of application.
	Pristiq elevated mood and energy levels.	Pristiq was prescribed at a 20 mg dose and then increased to 40 mg dose. I continue to take it as it has been the most effective medication for alleviating symptoms of depression that I have tried, including Prozac, Effexor, Wellbutrin and Lexapro.
	i have a chronic sinusitis condition. my throat and vocal abilities get affected change of season . i took allegra to alleviate the condition on the prescription of a doctor.the condition improved slowly.	i have a chronic sinusitis condition. my throat and vocal abilities get affected change of season . i took allegra to alleviate the condition on the prescription of a doctor.the condition improved slowly.took drug for 15 days, cleared throat but felt sleepy
	I really didnt lose any weight even though I cut my caloric intake. I stopped snacking and in general ate less and went for walks when possible	I took the pills twice a day as I tried to have only two meals per day
	disapearance of migraine headache	took 1 pill on onset of migraine.  I found I needed to take the pill at the very first inkling of a headache coming on.  If I waited until the migraine was full blown, a second pill would be needed at the appropriate time.  If caught early, one pill would make the migraine go away
	Easy to take, began noticing a difference within two weeks	I am still on this drug. So far it has been great, i take two tablets immediately after lunch. I also wash my face morning and night and use differin gel prescribed too. It has been fantastic my skin is clearing up great. Dont expect results overnight be patient work out a routine and it should work for u
	Good I am able to walk better. My hips do not very much now.	I take one arava tabs. each morning.It works very well. I can tell a big difference in my body since taking the arava.
	Prolonged sleep, less pain	Trazadone is actually an anit-depressant that did not work well.  It is used with many fibromyalgia patients who do not reach the 4th stage of sleep.  With out Trazadone, I have trouble falling asleep, wake numerous times during the night.  Due to this the muscles do not have time to rejuvinate, and I would awake in the morning unable to move - with much achiness and soreness at trigger points thoughout my body..  With out sleep, depression also set in.  Trazadone helps me to sleep helps to illeviate many of the terrible symptoms of Fibromyagia.
	"The idea is to take one pill each day for three days and then up the dose to twice per day.  At day 10 the patient is to stop smoking altogether.  I did this and found that in fact by day 8 or 9 I felt an eversion to smoking.  

Niggling cravings every few days trickled to a craving once a week or so which is weak and easily overcome. 

The prescription is typically for 3 months but I didn't need any refills at all.  I stopped taking the drug after a month or so.

I recommend this drug ONLY UNDER THE CARE OF A PHYSICIAN to anyone interested in stopping smoking once and for all.  

Certainly a person must be commited to the decision to quit smoking though or save your money."	"Treatment details are above (oops).  

Once a day for three days and twice a day (twelve hours apart) for up to three months after that.

At day ten the patient should stop smoking cold turkey."
	It definitely reducded the anxiety that I had, it also helped with the occaisonal insomnia that I was having. It had a very good effect.	i was prescribed 1 .5mg tablet per day.
	Can get a good nights rest and anxiety attacks are supressed. I have been able to lead a normal life and be successfull. I am doing my doctoral now in medical research and belief without Azor it would not be possible. I remember what my life was before Azor and am relieved to know it is behind me. I have been on it for years now, the benefits outweighs the disadvantages- I know Im addicted. Azor was and still is prescribed to me by my psychiatrist.	"I take one tablet (0.5g) Azor whenever I have a anxiety attack or struggle to sleep. 

I was attacked a few years back, and still have panic attacks on occasion and struggle to sleep considerably. In addition, I have nightmares. However, when I take the azor, I calm down. Furthermore,I did try sleeping medication, however,I was always tired and struggled to wake up. When I take azor, I can sleep without the whooziness the following morning."
	I took alprazolam for 2 months for extreme anxiety/depression. It did work considerably in the beginning, however I would occasionally sleep the day away if taken in the morning. I would wake up from naps with a terrible disposition. It did work considerably for anxiety, initially, but it's very easy to self medicate and take considerably highger dosages then prescribed. In retrospect, I shouldn't have taken the medication because I was already on a medication to come off of opiates, because I have an addictive personality. I discussed this with my Dr. and he told me that alprazolam with suboxone worked well together. I later found out that the two drugs were dangerous to take together because of the potential of respiratory depression. Also, I've found out that benzodiazepines, especially alprazolam can be very addictive, which can have much worse withdrawal than any opiate. I think alprazolam can be a very useful medication if taken as prescribed and only taken on a prn basis. I don't believe there are any instances where alprazolam should be taken twice a day, unless you have signs of extreme anxiety all day, every day. If you have an addictive personality like myself, I think if you consider alprazolam at all, it should be used very judiciously. But exhaust other alternatives to alprazolam, like buspar, which has no addiction potential, however, I think it tends to be pretty much useless unless taken in high dosages. I suggest talking to two or more dr.s before initiating a regimen. I only say this because I know what alprazolam withdrawal entails, and there are VERY unpleasant side effects, which can be life-threatening. Also, alprazolam isn't effective for very long. It is really only good for extreme panic attacks and helps quickly, then it loses its effect within approx. 2 hours. I will also say gladly, that I have known people who have taken alprazolam for several years and only for extreme panic attacks, and none of them have developed a dependency on them. The bottom line is you know you're propensity to addiction. Use your own common sense and if prescribed, have the dr. start you on .25mg., the lowest dose, and you should see a great difference in your anxiety, especially if your body is not accustomed to benzodiazepines. Best of luck.	I was started at .5mg, the second strength of dosage, 2 times daily. I became afraid of it because I was taking it to calm me from coming down off opiates, however, I was already on a medication to stop me from taking opiates, which was actually not supposed to be taken with alprazolam because of concerns that both medicines cause respiratory depression.
	helped with acne and cysts even though not used daily as prescribed. Face was overall clearer over time. The best part was helping with pimples that formed into cysts.	use tropically at night after thoroughly washing and drying face with a gentle cleanser.
	the doctor told me that this medication would suppress my appetite as well as increasing my metabolic rate which would assist in weight loss.  As I only had to lose 10kg I am not sure that I was the best candidate.	I have found this medication worked quite well for me but I only lost minimal weight but it did help me develop better eating habits.  At first I was hesitant as apparently it can disturb blood pressure and as I was using minoxil at the same time but I have not experienced anything bad from this.
	I am able to go along my day without sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose. It has alleviated my symptoms except for a slight cough.	I have allergies that were getting progressively worse so I needed something to help me get through the day. I took benadryl without consulting my doctor which helped but the drowsiness was unmanageable. So my doctor told me to try zyrtec and I feel like it has helped tremendously. I only have a slight cough throughout the day but it is manageable. I wish it would take my cough away as well but I can deal with it. I take 10 mg in the morning but my doctor said to take it at night because it might cause drowsiness. It hasn't caused me drowsiness so I take it in the morning because it is easier to remember.
	I was able to concentrate and complete daily tasks.  I didn't have to write notes to myself and constantly put them in various places so I would run into during the day.l	My primary care physician prescribe it after telling him my problems I've had my entire life in concentrating/completing tasks.  I was also very forgetful but don't have any of these problems except on occasion when I have too many things going on.
	Less urinary urgency (worked as advertised).	Although the drug was supposed to be good for 24 hours, it seemed to wear off during the second 24 hours. A switch to plain Detrol (2mg) twice a day proved to work much better.
	Diminished sinus congestion/drainage and related cough. No hemoptysis or rust stained sputum noted after three days use of Levaquin. Throat irritation diminished third day. Increased feeling of wellbeing on third day.	Complained of sinus drainage, productive cough, rust stained sputum for two weeks. Chest xray negative to significant findings. Prescribed Levaquin 750mg, 1 by mouth per day, for 10 days. Also taking OTC Mucus Relief Sinus with guaifenesin 400mg and phenylephrine HCL 10mg as need for nasal decongestant and expectorant.
	Depression eased, and was able to continue with daily life. Additionally, regular headaches eased and eventually disappeared.	100mg dose daily was prescribed in 1998.  Symptoms presented were lack of enjoyment, repetitive negative thoughts, Uncontrollable outbursts of crying. Chronic headaches / fog.
	This drug does an excellent job of relieving my headache pain.  No OTC drug comes anywhere near reducing the pain like this prescription does.  What I used to do for headache pain is lay down in a darkened room with an ice pack on my forehead.  If I could fall asleep usually the pain would be gone when I woke up.  Problem is that it is not always possible to find a quiet, darkened room when a headache comes on.  This prescription relieves pain completely within 45 minutes.	I have (what I think is) sinus-related headache pain.  Pain is always in the forehead on the right side.  Changes in barometric pressure always bring a headache on.  Sometimes the pain is so bad I vomit.  I had sinus surgery (drilled holes in sinus cavities in forehead... sorry I don't know the medical terminology).  This relieved the headache problem for about 5 years, but it is  back again.  I think I would rather have another surgery than continue to take these pills.
	"In short, the patient recovered. The patient sometimes used to report higher grades of Blood Pressure, anxiety and headache. Also reported to have back ache some times.

The present treatment gave patient comfort and she has recovered to a greater extent, and is able to live a normal life now."	"Treatment with PPI lasted for 2 weeks.

With Alprazolam for 3 weeks.

Ant with Beta Blocker, for management."
	After several days of taking 20 mg. per day my signs of depression were gone. I felt coming out of the dark in the bright sun! It has changed my life.	Treated 2 years by a psychologist who prescribed the Citalopram. Three times I tried to stop and live without, but the depression returned. Now my doctor prescribes it each time for 3 months.
	I did not feel that the original diagnosis was correct. I went to the doctor for tooth pain and he chose to treat me for TMJ of which I disagreed. As it turned out the diagnosis was incorrect as I eventually had the tooth pulled and all pain stopped. I did not complete the suggested treatment plan due to  listed below.	The treatment being described as above. I consider it to be a mis-diagnosis and was quite disappointed that a Medical M.D. who not consider that I knew my own body well enough to know what was really wrong. Hence, I was diagnosised and prescribed incorrectly. Knowing this I did not follow through on the treatment plan. The only reason I decided to take the meds in the first place was because a nurse friend of mine also convinced me I should take the meds. They were both wrong.
	Before tamsulosin, I was getting up to urinate from 3 to 6 times a night. Now I can sleep all throught he night without getting up to urinate!	Went to my physician. He did digital exam. Prostate appeared normal, but physician said I could have swelling on side or prostate he cannot feel. He prescribed tamsulosin. It did the job! Don't remember if 1 a day was doing the trick, but 2 a day certainly is! But be careful about taking 2. You have to work up to it slowly!
	ok so far no probs just the odd headache  i find the clonazapam lasts me about 7 to 8 hours is that about right for 1mg i dont no	anxiety is very high never goes away got worse when my mom passed away december 09 then i had my son jan10
	It reduces the frequency of episodes of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis.	Each single use blister pack of Copaxone contains one prefilled syringe containing 20 mg of Copaxone (glatiramer acetate) which the patient self administers subcutaneously, in the fatty layer of skin, once a day. It is important to rotate injection sites daily.
	After about two weeks of the taking Chantix the craving was alot less	"aFTER TAKING CHANTIX FOR TWO WEEKS THE CRAVING FOR A CIGARETTE WAS ALOT LESS.

aFTER i FINISHED TAKING THE TABLET FOR 2 MOS (I WANT SAY THAT i HAVEN'T THOUGHT ABOUT SMOKING) BUT IT WAS SO MUPCH EASIER NOT TO PICK UP ONE"
	Nerve pain and muscle pain decreased significantly within the first couple days.  Fibromyalgia was very debilitating for me but with Lyrica, I was able to go back to work and function normally.  It helped with pins and needles, twitching, and muscle spasms.  It also seemed to help with some of the anxiety I experienced.	I was first given 75 mg once a day and realized the medicine didn't last 24 hours so I started on twice daily doses and that helped.  I needed a little more pain reliever and started Tramadol along with the Lyrica.  I would take extra Tramadol if necessary, which provided relief at times when pain spiked.
	My chlamydia went a way and i made a complete recovery. My acne also temporarily went away, which was good. However, it did come back after i stopped taking it, which meant it was somewhat useless.	None i can describe, just took two tablets a day. One before breakfast and one before dinner. The treatment lasted ten days and i took it religiously. I did have to take other acidophilus containing products to control the side effects but it was fortunate that it lasted only 10 days.
	The treatment remedied her lab values as well as treated her symptoms of weight gain and lack of energy.	Patient was treated for low thyroid test results which coincided with the onset of menopause which manifested itself in a weight gain of 20# and a marked lack of energy.  The medication corrected her lab values and contributed to her ability to lose the weight gained and feel an increase in energy.
	More energy, the pall that was hanging over me was lifted.  I became me again.  I did not just cruise through life having no connection, I was engaged again.	"Cymbalta 20 mg 2x a day for one weeek to get acclimated to it.



Cymbalta 60 mg 1x a day."
	this drug lowered my mild hypertension to normal range	I was prescribed this dose five years ago.  I have been taking it daily ever since.  It works.  Ordinarily, when I check my blood pressure, it is in the normal range.  The common side effect, caused by excess production of mucus, is no big problem.
	It helped with menstrual pain and cramping due to utereine fibriods. It also slowed down heavy menstraul bleeding somewhat that was caused by the size, number and location of my uterine fibriods.	I took approximately 50 mg. of Motrin 2 to 4 times daily during the heaviest days of my mentrsual flow.
	Wellbutrin has been very effective for my low-grade depression. I have tried many other antidepressants in the past and have found them to be ineffective and/or causing too many side effects (weight gain, sexual side effects, fatigue, etc.). Wellbutrin actually helps me maintain my weight and has minimal sexual side effects.	I have been on Wellbutrin for four years and will probably continue use for several more years.
	The treatment benefits were of a great benefit to me. before i took the lortab i couldn't sleep, work, and i could barely get out of bed the pain was so severe. Before the lortab i did try the flexeril first and it didn't help, then I tried it with the Lyrica that only dulled the pain a little. Then the lortab and it helped tremendously. I started on two times a day after a month went to three and it helped to the point where i could work and I could get out of bed and do things like cut the grass or hiking and just many of other things. My overall experience were tremendous with minimal side effects!!!!!	I was diagnosed with a disc problem that was pinching my nerves in low back. My Sciatica was being pinched by the disc causing my leg to hurt really bad and numbness and tingling were involved. I started taking flexeril first and it by itself wasn't helping. Then i was put on lyrica 2 times daily with the flexerill and it dulled the pain but not much. After that i really didn't want nothing that strong but the pain was severe so the doc put me on lortab 2 times daily to start with and 3 times daily the next month and that helped tremendously. I did physicall therapy for about three months. and now i have minimal back pain and i can function like a normall 20 year old.
	This particular treatment effectively eliminated all visible symptoms of oral herpes.  In my case, the symptoms were increasingly worse.  I would have an outbreak every two months that would last 14-18 days.  Since treatment, I have not had one outbreak.  Two years and counting.	Taken as needed when stress levels increase or over-exposure to sun.
	After pregnancy my upper lip remainedmarked with dark spots - melasma. My Dermatologist prescribed Tri-Luma cream to lighten the spots and also said it would help redice the appearance of my wrinkles.	After pregnancy my upper lip remainedmarked with dark spots - melasma. My Dermatologist prescribed Tri-Luma cream to lighten the spots and also said it would help redice the appearance of my wrinkles. I used the cream each night. The texture was thick and the smell was not appealing. A few days after use my skin started peeling where I had been using the cream. The peeling was annoying as I would constantly have to put moisturizer on to stick the skin back down. After a month of dilligent nightly usage I did not notice a lightening of my dark spots nor any reduction in my wrinkles.  Perhaps with continued use my spots would have lightened but honestly, I couldn't stand walking around with skin peels hanging off my face. The Dr should have advised me about the peeling. I was very dissappointed as this prescription cream cost $100.
	There was a complete reduction of back pain, and the inflammation. I wasn't sure what was causing it at the time- ie. back strain or period pain or?? but the Voltaren made me able to walk and sit comfortably again	I self diagnosed and took what seemed to be the approriate minimum dose, aware that it wouldn't be good to take long term.
	Prevention of post surgical infection and peace of mind following my minor outpatient surgery.	The Patient Education information sheet mentioned hives and rash as potential side effects when taking this medication.  As a person who is allergic to dyes and food colorings, (a red, itching, burning, eczema like rash results when I ingest these additives) I find it unnecessary that the gel cap in which this medication is contained would have to be colored green or colored at all for that matter.  In order to avoid this unpleasant side effect, I opened each gel cap just prior to taking it, poured the medication out onto a spoon and swallowed it down as quickly as possible.  My surgical results were excellent and I did not experience any symptoms of infection.
	"Nasonex helped me brath at night and stopped congestion, sneezing and running nose.

It helped me also with my cat allergy, so now I have 3.

For years before nasonex I used dexarhinasray very often (5-6 times per week) but now I use it 10 times per year! in order to stop sneezing and running nose."	1 spray per nostril once a day.
	i had a severe fall and tore the psoas muscle and damaged the SI joint. Before i was in great physical shape. After I could barely walk a block. After PT which only mildly helped I asked for various meds. Vicodin helped some but left me hung over. Valium released the muscle seizures and allowed me slowly to   return to exercise. It's not used much now that there's Flexeril, but F. can lead to depression and doesn't as effectively release muscle tension (in my case).	I determined that the best solution was to take it before bed--i could sleep through the night with it, whereas without I often woke up and had to take more ibuprofen and still slept poorly.
	control glacoma; since drug was so expensive, eye doctor started me out with sample drops. Drug was being used to stem the development of glacoma.	"drop in right eye nightly; appears to be controlling the development of glacoma

My glacoma was hard to diagnose because the cornea was thicker than the norm and the normal puff test gave incorrect readings for several years. I had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 2002 when my weight had reached 397 poounds.  I had also been diagnosed with adult onset asthma when we moved to Oregon in the early 90's.  With the type 2 diabetes, my Dr recommended that I consider gastric bypass surgery which was done at OHSA, Portland OR in October 2002.  My A1c tests started showing normal in 6 months and have remained so since then.  My Dr in Portland had told me to always get my eyes checked by an Opthamologist because of the long term effects of the asthma drugs I had been taken as well as diabetes."
	The drug melts on the tongue so there is no need for water and is great when you need to take a tablet in the car etc. It is effective as soon as the effects of a migraine appear and I would reccommend it to anyone who suffers.	One tablet is taken whne required and a second one can be taken after two hours  no more than 2 to be taken in 24 hours
	,being able to smoke while drug builds up in your system, I also really enjoyed the colorful and vivid dreams but some people are known to have terrible nigjhtmares.   Also you really do completely  Lose the urge to smoke!	The drug comes in weekly packs- its expensive and 300 a month. U take it in the morning and before bed. U can smoke while taking the drug and eventually you will lose the urge to smoke - after about a week the nicotine blockers in the drug will completely take away the urge. You will have to deal with the motion of smaoking a triggers though.
	My skin looked a little better but no significant improvement in wrinkles.  I  called the company and they said I should try it every second night.  I did that for a few months and did not get any result.  No peeling and flacking and still no significant difference in my wrinkles	In the evenings I was to wash my  face and  wait 20 min. after that I was to  apply pea size to face making sure I did not apply to much.
	Pain reduction at a controlled rate over 72 hours	Medication delivered by 2 topical patches of 100 and 25 mcg.patches changed every 72 hours.They were used in conjunction with 15 mgs of MSIR as needed up to twice daily for breakthrough pain.I was also prescribed 8 mgs.of Zanaflex at bedtime along with Elavil to treat the depression commonly associated with Chronic health conditions.
	I sometimes wake up refreshed although with xyrem I only sleep for about 5 hrs every night	I have been taking Xyrem for about 2 months. I sleep about 5 to 5 1/2 hours every night. I wake up between 3 to 3 1/2 hour after the 1st dose and then I sleep for about 2 to 2 1/2 hours after the 2nd dose and am unable to fall asleep. The weirdest thing is that I get a refreshing sleep every other day. On the days that I wake up exhausted, I am barely able to make it through the day and am hungry all the time. The next night, I usually sleep well and have a better day there after. I am going to stop taking it and I am going to explore other options such as Rozerem or Trazodone
	I was able to quit smoking 2 1/2 yrs ago.  I had smoked 2 1/2 packs of menthols for 35 years.  No one,including me, thought I could ever quit.  The Chantix kept me from feeling any withdrawal from nicotine and made it so smoking didn't give me the "boost" it had.  There became no point in smoking.  I kept the last prescription to take "PRN' when in certain situations.  It also took a little mental work.	"You take 1/2 dose pills for maybe a week in the starter pack.  Then move to full strength.  Take 1 in the morning and one in the evening or late day.  Try to establish a ""quit"" day before starting.  I didn't.  I used it for 2-3 weeks while I tapered down and worked on the psychological aspects.  After 2 days of only having 1 cig a day, I stopped.  After 4 months, my insurance no longer paid.  I needed longer and paid full price.  I used my last box PRN.  When I'd be in an evening situation where I thought it might be difficult, I'd take one a few hours before going and it would work.  Taking only 1 in the daytime did NOT result in the bad dreams.  I ended up with a few pills left over.

Note: - If you received an incomplete rating from me just before this one - it's because I use Vista and your form disappeared while I was typing...."
	I experienced markedly improved fasting blood glucose levels, and greater stability of blood sugar before and after meals.  I had found with other treatment options, such as the insulin pump and the nph insulins that my morning blood sugars were always high, even with increased dosages.	Treatment consisted of a morning and evening dose of lantus split up as 30 units in the evening and 15 units in the morning.  It took approximately two years of playing with the dosage amounts to find this as the "best fit" as all dosages either resulted in extremely low evening blood sugars or extremely high morning blood sugars.  Also, changes in activity result in severe blood sugar swings as well.
	I have very few racing heart episodes since I have been on this medication.	I take one 50 mg pill once per day with food or milk.
	Noticeably Clearer complexion in forty eight hours or less.  Issue around lack of maintenance of clear complexion.	Prescribed to take whenever flare-up for period of 7 days. Some concerns regarding  the potential for multiple resistant organisms considering the intermittent nature of dosing.
	The medication did provide some lessening of allergy symptoms.  It helped my nose not to water as much.  However, I still had congestion and some days where my allergies were quite uncomfortable.  It seemed the effects lessened as time went on so the medication was less effective than at the beginning. Also my eyes still itched.  My throat also itched.	I took the pills every morning and night, about twelve hours apart between doses.  the medication did not keep me awake or make me jittery. The medication also did not make me drowsy like some other allergy medications.  The medication, however, did not always relieve my symptoms.  I ultimately tried another medication to see if I could get better results.  I also had to use an inhaler for wheezing since the medication did not help that symptom.
	My face and back acne cleared up within two weeks of regular use	the frustrating thing is that the acne will return shortly after you stop the treatment.
	amazing within 48 hrs virtually no pain	i have been using humira for about 4 years every 2 weeks,i took it alongside methotrexate haven't taken methx for about 3 years now dont need it if i catch a cold i delay injecting until i feel better,have missed up to 2 injections and not had bad joint pain.just wish i had started it sooner i perhaps wouldn't have the deformed hands that i have now
	prevent further clots and to dissolve pulmonary embolism	The diet was very restrictive.  Too much vitamin K could lead to clots and too little could lead to spontaneous bleeding.  Any medical procedure reqiured going off coumadin before hand and going on lovenox shots to the stomach for a week.
	Decreasse in general anxiety symptoms and most symptoms of depression.	150 mg capsule taken with breakfast and 75mg with evening meal. This was accompanied by psychological counselling, mainly cognitive behaviour therapy
	Actually symptoms dissapeared almost within 15-20 min after taking medication, making it easy to continue with your normal day activities, even if that includes gym or an outdoor activity.	Two pills everytime I had headache, avoiding to take more than 4 pills in one day.
	there were very few side effects plus after 3 days I was able to breath again.  It did take at least seven days before I could breath properly all the time. I did finish all the medication as my dr. prescribed.	I was to take a pill in the morning and the evening. It did not matter if I ate food or not. however, I was feeling dry both in my body and in my mouth. I was not sleeping well.
	Eliminated Acne with in weeks of first using. I continued to use as my skin texture had improved. Any time there was a pimple or acne outbreak I would apply to pimple more than once during the day and the pimple would leave. I also used on any cold sores and it elimated them in 2 days.	Retin A gel applied nightly to face. Some initial redness and peeling the first 3 months. Elimated any existing acne and prevent any further acne.
	Helped to get a good nights sleep with no worry.  Felt refreshed if slept a full 8 hrs.	Take one tablet nightly before bed as needed and when you are sure that you will be getting at least 8hrs. sleep.  Do not drive or operate machinery while taking this medication.  Use care until you are familiar with effects.
	I was able to go about my daily life without feeling fear and paranoia. I was also able to handle a significant amount of stress in a reasonable manner.	Take one pill daily, visit with a physciatrist monthly, and some therapy sessions.
	The treatment benefits was better looking healthier skin	I applied this cream to my face every other day at night as recommended by my dermatologist who prescribed teh cream.  I noticed tightening up a few minutes after applying.  My skin did seem to look a bit better but I stopped suing the cream becasue I was afraid of any other possibly as yet unknown side effects.
	I would have wondering thoughts, like way to often, just thinking about the best ways to improve my lot in life, until it started to consume me to much. So I sought help, the main problem was sleeping, my thoughts would race so hard, that I could not sleep, this drug put my thoughts in check, allowing me to sleep soundly.	Well I went to see a doctor and talked about my situation, and for the first three visit, she just talked to me, then after the 3rd visit, she decided it would be a good idea to put me on Zoloft. I was hesitant at first, but after two more visits, I decided to give it a shot, and wow it did the trick for me, my depression immediately left, and I am able to function a lot better then I was prior to the meds. so I have really know complaints about zoloft.
	I was finally able to easily fall asleep and for the most part remain asleep for the entire night. The sleep was more refreshing and I woke up without the typical sleeping pill "hang-over".  Even while falling asleep you I didn't feel like I was all of a sudden blind-sided by a brick wall and forced to sleep.  This feels much more natural and real than other medications I have tried.	The Lunesta was prescribed to me by my nephrologist as a part of treatment for continued insomnia.  This has been a long term problem and in the past I have tried Remeron (which should be banned...horrible side effects and hangovers), Ambien, which is also very good and Ambien CR...that was wonderful.  Currently I am happy with this treatment.
	A very bad and large cold sore started to slowly go away immediately when started.  I started it because my cold sore wasn't going away and getting way worse.  So I was prescribed 200mg 4x a day, for 10 days.  Which it immediately kept the cold sore from getting worse. I was give another same perscription and kept taking it, then my doctor wouldn't give me any more, even though it was showing improvement.  So, I found that I could order it online, and it directed me to take 1600 mg during outbreaks, so I did.  And it started healing, and now after almost a month it's almost gone.  This cold sore didn't break the surface, but was getting larger so this medication was a life saver.	Instead of taking the whole 800 mg tablet, I took 400mg (half) then the other half about an hour or so later.  So, 1600 mg a day was very effective, and work miraculously.  I believe this will keep me from getting any cold sores, I'll drop down to 800mg daily once the cold sore is totally gone.
	I had a kidney infection with a very high fever.  Cipro reduced the fever from 104.2 to 97.6 within 5 or 6 day/cured the kidney infection..	I took 2 tablets, then I took 1 tablet twice a day after eating.  I also drank lots and lots of water and cranberry juice. After approx. 5 days, I no longer had side effects and the fever was gone.  I actually felt perfectly fine after about 6 days or so.
	Although I had mild sleep problems the first two days of taking Vyvanse, I had virtually no side effects. Granted, my dose was low, but I had a hard time concentrating and summoning up the energy to do basic things like paying bills, etc. Vyvanse is no wonder drug, but I live pretty much like everyone else now, which is great. My mother is stunned. She says this is the first time she's ever been able to ask me where things are in my apartment and have me know (and be right). I take a medication holiday from Vyvanse most weekends and actual work holidays when I don't need to be able to concentrate.	1 pill, 30 mg, Vyvanse, as needed. I never take more than the prescribed amount (not trying to get addicted, here). This treatment is concurrent with my ongoing treatment for chronic depression.
	O TOOK THIS TO HELP TO RELIEVE AND CURE MY YEAST INFECTION.  I HAD TRIED SEVERAL OTHER CREAMS, ONE WAS OVER THE COUNTER THE OTHER WAS PRESCRIBED BY MY DOCTOR.  THIS ORAL MEDICATION WAS THE ONLY ONE THAT WORKED.	I WAS INSTRUCTED TO TAKE OF THE PILL DOSAGES WHICH WAS 150 MILLOGRAMS RIGHT AWAY AND TO TAKE WITH FOOD.  THEN I WAS INSTRUCTED TO THE SECOND PILL ONE WEEK LATER IT WAS ALSO 150 MILLIGRAMS IN DOSAGE.
	My severe pain and joint swelling diminished soon, and I have had few painful moments (and nothing like the pain I had before my diagnosis).	After starting RA treatment with plaquenil and feeling few changes, my doctor encouraged me to try methotrexate.  My severe pain and joint swelling diminished soon, and I have had few painful moments (and nothing like the pain I had before my diagnosis).  I have stopped taking plaquenil.  The only side effect I have noticed is thinning hair.  I miss having a glass of wine once in a while, but the lack of pain makes that sacrifice worthwhile.  I take folic acid each day.
	Highs and lows of emotions were evened out.  Able to get through difficult crises without "falling apart".	Was given a small initial dosage.  Blood levels were checked weekly with the dosage being increased until the doctors decided the proper level needed was reached.
	The benefits to the treatment was temporary relief of pain due to unknown infection in jaw area. Though no other drugs were taken to address the infection, the prescribed drug did alleviated the pain until the condition improved. Eventually a root canal was performed and I received a second prescription.	I went to my dentist complaining of immense pain and swelling in my jaw area.  An x-ray was performed and nothing could be detected.  However, due to my symptoms, Hydrocodone/Ibuprofen was prescribed.  I was sent home with a follow up visit  scheduled.  The swelling and pain decreased within a few days, I discontinued taking the drug and I was able to continue normal activities.  However, approximately a week later the symptoms returns and I returned to dentist.  This time the x-ray revealed a need for a root canal. I continued to use the remaining tablets until my root canal, when I received a second prescription of Hydrocodone/Ibuprofen which I only used a few of the 16 tablets prescribed.
	I was able to reduce my smoking completely when taken as prescribed.	Welbutrin was prescribed to aid in reducing or eliminating the urge to smoke. For the first two weeks smoke as normal and then at the conclusion of two weeks stop smoking altogether. After the first week the urge to smoke had been reduced and I found myself smoking less and less. By the end of week two the urge to smoke was minimal to non-existent.
	Most nights I am able to fall asleep within about 20 minutes, sleep through the night, and wake feeling refreshed.  I do not feel any residual tiredness or sluggishness during the day.	I take about 3/4 of a 10mg tablet about 20 to 30 minutes before I go to bed.  It is best if I then just go to bed, but I often stay up until it "kicks in."
	I was able do my work without hassles and I'm free from pain right now. There's no need for me to cry anymore whenever I urinate.	This illness always occur when I use a tissue paper whenever I urinate..Until I discover Cipro from medsheaven.com, I finally ended up my pains as I took this medicine..It really really works for me..
	This  slows the sugar going into my system so that my body can use most of my own insulin to process the sugar.  It is to be taken along with the metformin. It has helped control my blood sugar very well.	I take a shot before my first meal and last meal each day.  It is a very easy shot to give to myself but it is easy to forget if I eat out or if I am traveling.
	no pregnancy, reduced ance	standard dose 28day pack, 1 pill per day
	Analgesic post surgery without use of codeine (patient has allergy).	While I found the medication moderately effective for pain relief, I seemed to build up a tolerance to it quickly, so that it had a progressively less pronounced effect over the course of a few days. Pro: patient may be less likely to become dependent on the drug if it is taken as prescribed, because the effect tapers off. Con: Not useful as a long-term pain reducer because patient may eventually start taking more than the prescribed dosage to achieve pain relief.
	Perfect.  The Trazadone helps me sleep inspite of the Prozac.  I no longer have any manic phases thanks to Lamictal.	I started with the Prozac.  Then the trazadone was added to help me sleep.  I was always cycling into manic phases but they became more extreme and serious.  The Lamictal completely obliterated the mania.  I feel completely stable, happy and am very high functioning.
	The benefits were smoother, more evenly-colored skin. I have no deep wrinkles. I developed no blemishes and I tended to stay out of the sun since it makes skin photo-sensitive. I am mistaken for being younger than my age, however, whether it's heredity or product, I'll never know for sure.	I used the Retin-A at night and a regular moisturizer during the daytime.
	ALL my anxiety, stress, were gone. I also have Tourette's Syndrome, which is a neurological disorder which causes me to have involentary movements and sounds that I have no controll over, (tics.) And once I started taking this medicine, the tics were such at the minimum, i used to have 50-100 tics a day, now i have 3-4 tics all because of Lorazepam. This might be a very good treatment for others with Tourette's Syndrome!!	I have been suffering from anxiety for such a long time. I felt as if my life was not living for anymore, but once i started this medicine, everything changed. Even though this is the first day i am taking it, it has done a great and good impact on me today, 4-26-11.
	I just finished my 90 day course and am seeing great benefits.  My toenails are finally growing out thin and clear.  I didn't start to see any major changes in my toenails until around the two month mark.  I told myself I would be one of the people who comes back to review the product because the positive reviews I read are what got me through those first few weeks when all of the negative side effects were flashing through my head.  It has definitely been worth it to take the pills.  I can't wait for a few more months to go by where my toenails will be completely  be grown out and I will feel confident about going and getting the first pedicure of my life.  Also very much looking forward to sandal season next year.	I took one pill a day, at night for 90 days with a big glass of water and never skipped a dose.  I had a few nights where I had some wine and champagne but never overdid it and tried to steer clear of alcohol as much as possible.
	treatment benefits of using amoxicillin for the infection proved to be substantial. My infection diminished progressively over the course of a week taking the prescribed dosage each day, I also noticed that the infection never reoccurred and has not since. Overall taking amoxil was not nearly unpleasant as I thought it would have been and it did the job I was told it would do	I was told to take 3 500 mg pills a day over the course of a 7 day period in order to completely and effectively banish the infection, I felt comfortable with this decision and it turned out positive results in the end.
	I have a background of worry and stress-related symptoms where I am unable to wind down at the end of the day. With this drug I am able to fall asleep within 30 minutes	1/2 of a 10 mg pill as needed. Purposely would take it sparingly due to any addictive issues. Some doctors believe it is truly addictive; others not so. But I believe in as few drugs as possible in my life. I am also very afraid of any type of addiction. Therefore, I opt to split the pill in half and only take it 2-3 times a week.
	The valium was prescribed for the patient in an attempt to relieve anxiety prior to a minor surgery being performed.	Valium was prescribed for the patient to use prior to having minor surgery to relieve his anxiety.
	The medications has slowed down hair shedding but not prevented hair loss. Hair loss is still ongoing, miniturization of hair follicles is still ongoing.	Dermatologist prescribed Spironolactone for female Androgenetic hair loss. 100 mg per day. It has been somewhat effective in slowing down hair loss but has not completely stopped the excess shedding.
	My skin is now smoother with less acne.  I still get a pimple here and there, but for the most part, my skin has been very clear.	After wasing your face at night and letting it completely dry, you apply a thin layer all over your face and go to bed.  In the morning you need to wash your face and apply a lot of moisturizer.  Stick with it, it will provide resluts after about 6 weeks.
	Pregnancy prevention, regulation of menstrual cycle.	Take an active pill at the same time each day for 21 days, and take no pills for 7 days, during which your period should arrive. Resume the next pack after 7 days of no pills.
	The treatment benefits for Renova are more skin clarity.  Also, i believe the freckles on ;my face are fading quite a bit.  The fine lines did not really get any better. My skin is not really that different to notice real changes	rum a quarter size amount to face every eveining
	The benefits were immediate relief from a "racing heart" or tachycardia caused by anxiety. I use this medicine prophylactically and found that it is very effective in controlling my heart rate and keeping it within a normal range. The only time it does not work is if I have a full-blown panic attack. At that point, other types of medications are used in addition to the atenolol.	Treatment was started immediately after an initial and severe case of tachycardia. An Echocardiogram ruled out any heart defect and I was started on 25 mg once per day. I stayed on this dose for about 6 years and was able to drop down to 12.5 mg per day for nearly a year. However, my symptoms returned to their original severity and I began taking my starting dose again. A few years later, I was prescribed 25 mg twice per day due to an increase from original symptoms. This is the dose I currently take and it is an effective and very affordable medication.
	The sinus infection lessened but did not go away.  I noticed that using a neti pot for a nasal flush worked much better.	Zmax was administered in a single dose, orally.
	Through taking this medication i basically have a stress free life. Being bi polar is crazy crazy stuff. I take 80mg of citalopram every night and wake up every morning able to function and care for my three children. Structure and routine is looking very possible. I now only have a flat day once every few weeks.	Started at 20mg and slowly went up. I did trial many anti psychotics with it. Although the other meds worked the side effects were revolting. So I have just stuck with citalopram 80mg. There is a huge huge difference from 40mg to 80mg. I became a lot less manic at 80mg infact i am basically never manic at 80mg. Really this dose levels me out and i recommend it for anyone who suffers rapid cycling bi polar. I have been on 80mg for over 18 months and the change is amazing!
	The Spironolactone has really helped my acne, especially the huge flare ups I'd have monthly with my period.  I do still occasionally have break outs, but they are usually less severe, shorter lasting, and confined to my face.	I take two 50 mg spironolactone tablets each morning along with 50 mg od doxycycline.
	Amerge is effective in reducing the pain and associated symptoms of migraines.	I have very severe migraine disease and have tried many different treatments.  None are effective 100% of the time.  In my experience, Amerge is the most effective for mild and moderate migraines (Nothing seems to work for severe attacks). I prefer Amerge because the beneficial effects seem to last longer than many of the other anti-migraine meds (often 18-24 hrs.). Also, side effects seem to be negligible(No palpitations and dizziness like with imitrex). The downside is that Amerge takes longer to work (2-4 hrs) than the other triptans. But because of the better safety profile and the longer duration of effectiveness, for me Amerge is a top choice for migraines.
	I have terrible headaches that nothing ever helped, until zomig.  it has been a miracle drug for me.	Take it as soon as i feel headache coming on and within 1 or 2 hours i am usually pain free.
	Definately helps control the urge to smoke.  Was able to make it through the first week of no smoking with VERY CONTROLABLE urges.	2 pills a day as prescribed.  I recommend it, but results obviously vary.  A few friends have also used it with identical results.  None of us take *any* other medication, which may be a substantial variable.  So far no suicidal thoughts or rages.
	lost weight very fast then mantained it for 4 years.	I was given this drug to help lose weight, it worked perfect other than it was very costly and very few doctors prescibe it.
	Lessened anxiety,brought about more attention	take one pill daily
	It reduced the tingling sensation, and numbness feeling in the effected part,it also acted on reducing stress levels. I found it as a last resort because for 3 years before that my life was very painful cause of the nerve damage, that I suffered during a Mucocele removal. I took the anti anxiety drug for 2 years and its side effect that it blocks nerve communication helped a lot, and thx god after 5 years i am cured, my nerve healed.	It reduced the tingling sensation, and numbness feeling in the effected part, I found it as a last resort because for 3 years before that my life was very painful cause of the nerve damage, that I suffered during a Mucocele removal. I took the anti anxiety drug for 2 years and its side effect that it blocks nerve communication helped a lot, and thx god after 5 years i am cured, my nerve healed.
	I have had Herpes Zoster or VZV all my life. Acyclovir completely eliminates the headache and flu like symptoms. If I take it early enough it stops all outbreaks in one or two days. If taken late; I need a higher dose and it can eliminate blisters in 2 or three days. My outbreaks were once or twice a year and I only used acyclovir cream. Now it appears less than once a year and can be stopped with Zovirax(Acyclovir).	"I take three 400mg tablets in 24 hours for the first two days. This equals 1200mg in 24 hours. Then 800mg for two days. I can take it with just coffee in the morning. I drink extra water. I also use zovirax cream. 

I don't have any medical insurance and I buy all my medicine at In House pharmacy online."
	relieved headache 99% of time, headaches did not recur for at least 18 hours	at earliest onset of migraine symptoms - throbbing pain in temple, sensitivity to noise or light, extreme irritiability- pain behind or around eye area - I would take one tablet with tea or water. Usually would subside within 10 - 20 minutes.
	no more anxiety	At first I was not given the proper dosage and it took about six months to get the right dose. One my body became accustomed to that dosage it was purely smooth sailing from there. The 20mg paxil dose completely stopped my symptoms. I have been on this drug free of problems for over 7 yrs
	This treatment was easy and highly effective. Adderall increased my overall energy levels, making it easier to get going in the morning and stay awake during classes. It increased my ability to pay attention even when the material was not particularly interesting to me. The most important benefit for me was the increased ability to control my impulses.	Adderall was taken once in the morning every day. This medication was combined with cognitive behavioral therapy once a week. Within the last year, neurofeedback (biofeedback to control brainwave patterns) was added. This treatment has been very effective, and will be continued as long as it is needed.
	Not much improvement in hormonal acne.	I started taking Spironolactone for hormonal acne about two months ago along with tazorac and a sulfur face wash. My acne remains the same with only a small change. I still have cysts but but not as many (reduced by 30%).
	Treatment benefits included a correction of my T3, but only a mild improvement in my emotional status. I am still irritable and mildly depressed.	Treatment involved radiation treatment to shrink my thyroid to correct my hyperthyroidism, followed by Rx with Synthroid to treat the hypothyroidism.
	The benefits of taking Effexor are wonderful. My mood has been so much better. I can function properly without feeling overwhelmed and or stressed out. I have recommended this drug to many of my friends who have had similar problems.	The details in the treatment are just as I described shortly above. I went to the doctor, they prescribed it and I take it. Don't really know what else to say here for the treatment details.
	The drug did absolutely nothing for the pain or to lessen the time of the migraine.  The migraines were usually sseveral days long.	Took Imitrex for a 3 month period and still had no noticeable results.  The tablet was suppose to lessen the pressure and pain if taken at onset of migraine.  I ended up trying Aleve and still take it to this day for migraines.
	After 2-3 weeks complete abatement of panic attack symptoms.  After one year tried to stop taking them but within 3 weeks symptoms were back.  continued for two more years and stopped taking them.  Have not had any symptoms for @10 years now	started at 5 mg then increased every 5-7 days up to 25 mg.  Hyperactivity decreased with longer treatment
	Fiorinal almost always gets rid of my migraine headaches.	I'd typically take one Fiorinal capsule at the onset of a migraine headache, with water and sometimes salted crackers. (If I didn't catch it at the onset, the capsule generally had no effect).  I would then lie down in a quiet, dark room.  The pill would typically reduce the headache within 30-45 minutes.  Occasionally I would end up feeling sluggish afterwards - not sure if this was a result of the medication or the headache.  Regardless, it has worked well to reduce headache pain.
	Lightening of dark spots that I experienced on both of my cheeks from melasma. I noticed definite results within weeks; however, with only short periods of accidental sun exposure the dark spots would reappear. Make sure to use sunscreen and hats or avoid sun exposure completely to enjoy continued results.	I washed my face twice a day with gentle cleanser and applied the hydroquinone 4% twice daily. I also used a Retin A cream once a day that caused some irritation and redness, but when used alone, I didn't have this effect from the hydroquinone alone.
	The 1st week  felt great.  All the racing thoughts were gone.  Mind was kinda empty and quiet.  I could concentrate.  I was able to think of a task that needed done and complete it.  Then move on to the next task.  Was only able to work on 1 thing at a time instead of going from one thing to the next without finishing anything. Could listen to the person talking to me without starting to day dream and lose the conversation. Was very happy with it.	Started out on 40ml.  Which I thought was kinda high because I only weigh 118.  Was told to go to 80ml after only 3 days.  I did that and could not sleep at all!  Was awake for at least 48 hours.  So the doc had me go back down to 40ml.  Which isn't working now.
	patient was able to focus more readily on tasks at hand. there was an increase in intensity/focus which was noticable upon taking the medication.	patient was to take one dose of concerta per day - earlier in the morning due to the time release effect. it was obvious while taking the medication that it was time release as each layer was released.
	In a very short period of time, there was a mental clarity that I had never experienced. I felt a calm and order to my life and work. I was truly able to focus on important things that I needed to do and did so efficiently, which was something I was never able to do. Menopause exacerbated the extreme mental fuzziness that I had already been experiencing with 4 children and a more than full time job. This drug has truly changed my life for the better!	I take a 30 mg. pill shortly after waking and within an hour, the fog that I chronically have had all of my life just lifts!
	The xanax helped slow things down and make everything less stressful. helped me to stay on a calm even level.	I want to say it was 50 mg. doses taken up to 3 times a day.  It was somewhat up to me when I needed to take it.  Mostly for anxiety attacks.
	I had a bad uti with awful pain on myside i couldnt walk..I was prescribed this and have never taken it so I was a little nervous.	It treated my uti I was better in a week but because of my heavy period I quit taking it after the 8th day..its been 4months and have not had any reoccurance of the uti
	Citalopram turned me into myself again. I didn't really have depression but suffered from too much worrying and anxiety to carry on healthy relationships and feel in control of my life. I have just begun feeling the full effects of this medication and it is incredible. I wake up early in the morning, rested and ready to go. I feel more motivated, have more energy and feel much more focused. I have also experienced some weight loss while on Citalopram, probably because I feel so motivated and energetic to actually exercise! Additionally I've noticed my worrying, anxiety and emotional eating have decreased significantly.	This was perscribed by my gynocologist and I plan to take it for the next year, then reasses my need.
	fewer Reflux episodes, less inflammation of the Eustachian Tube, lower cancer risk	Laryngopharyngeal Reflux has caused a Eustachian Tube (ET) dysfunction. A reduction of reflux episodes was a necessary condition for the regeneration of the ET. Progress has already been achieved: inflammations of the ET have been reduced, the tissue surrounding the ET is regenerating.
	good lifting of depressive feelings, reduction in chronic back pain associated with endometriosis and fibromyalgia	"Initially given Nortriptyline for depression.  It helped and after months of therapy the decision was made to discontinue.   I noticed an increase in low back pain that I had in the sacral area associated with endometriosis and all over body aches associated with fibromyalgia.



I read that Nortriptyline at that time was being experimentally used for neurological pain so I asked to go back on to see if it helped and it did.

ALthough I eventually had to have a hysterectomy due to the severity of the endometriosis I still had/have to deal with chronic pain of fibromyalgia.  I cannot tolerate the pain without the Nortriptyline 50mg at bedtime.



I would highly recommend a trial of this if you have any chronic pain issues at all.  Although other pain meds may have to be taken occasionally due to severity changes the Nortriptyline for me really cuts that down."
	sigificantly lifted depression, stablized mood, calming affect, better sleep, eliminated social anxiety, WONDER DRUG!	titrated up from 25 to 100. was given the generic after the titration to 100.  the generic was not good. felt way more manic. got back on the brand name and doc suggested bumping up to 150. Haven't felt this good in a long time!
	reduced prolactin levels to within normal range. No longer experienced Amenorrhea and galactorrhea.	Take 1 tablet once a week (those with larger adenomas may need to take more frequently)
	It was effective for the regulation of the prolactin levels and the menstrual periods. The regulation of the ovulation helped achieved pregnancy within a few months.	The use of parlodel to regulate ovulation and prolactin levels for about two years with regular blood tests to check levels of prolactin. After 2 years and a stable level of prolactin, the medicine dose was reduced to half and then completely stopped without increasing the levels of prolactin.
	I am able to focus and engage myself in necessary tasks that I had alot of trouble doing before I got on vyvanse. School and work performace improved. I have more drive to be productive. I also find that I am much more friendly, talkative, and social. I find myself wanting to talk to my family and catch up with friends. I also have mild depression, and since starting vyvanse I was able to come off Wellbutrin because the Vyvanse gave me a very happy feeling in a natural way. The feeling is only slightly "euphoric". This medication makes me feel like a normal person should feel.	overall I would definitely suggest vyvanse if you are unhappy with your current ADD meds, or if you are thinking about seeing a doctor concerning ADD. I will say that if you are your child is under 18, or irresponsible concerning "drugs" be careful and keep an eye on your childs consumption. Even though they say vyvanse is non-addicting, the feeling while on it and the persona it gives is very much desireable in comparison to not taking it. Also, if you are already under weight you should try a natural stimulant like stratera instead.
	I had suffered hemiplegic migraines and even on other medications, I still was having approximately 2-3 a month.  When I began the low dosage of topamax..the migraines virtually stopped.  I have had 1 migraine 3 years.	I took 1 25mg pill before bedtime.
	no mood swings or hot flsshes	take one pill daily
	Relaxed me and eased arthritis pain so I could sleep.	"Regulated sleep by only allowing 6 hrs of sleep a night. Every 1-2 weeks added 20 minutes to sleep time until optimal 7 hours was reached. On nights when arthritis or stress will keep me awake, I take .5 miligrams one hour before bedtime. 

Currently I only need it once a week."
	I found that episodes of anxiety were less frequent and less severe. I was not as edgy or easily startled.	Doctor monitored, and when there was improvement sustained over time, I "weaned" off the drug and have a prescription where I can take small doses "as needed."
	Able to sleep and turn my brain off.  Helped chronic pain without using pain medication.  Slept through the night.  Was not sleepy like I was before I took it.	Use sleep apnea machine also.  See doctor at least once every three months.  Do not use pain meds and have had several shoulder surgeries and misc. other chronic painful surgeries.
	Provides good relief from insomnia.  Able to fall asleep about three hours after dosing.  Average 2 awakenings during the night, but able to fall back to sleep immediately.  Average 7-8 hours of sleep per night (without treatment average was 3-4 hours sleep per night with many awakenings).	Began with 25mg once daily 2-3 hours before bedtime, for seven days.  Then 50mg once daily 2-3 hours before bedtime, for another seven days.  Finally, 75mg once daily 2-3 hours before bedtime, ongoing.  Drowsiness presents about 3 hours after dosing.
	Periods were not so heavy	"daily dose of medication on days 15-27 of my cycle.  

Periods were not as heavy but I did have breakthrough bleeding mid cycle which would last some months 7 days meaning I would flow for about 14 out of evey 27 days.  Doctors could not give an explaination. 

Am currently on natural progesterone in vaginal cream form - 1gm nightly days 10-15.  This is my first month so it's too early to evaluate. 

I switched becasue I did not want to continue with the oral - I have concerns about long term side effects."
	There was very minimal difference in lines- no noticable change in the melasma. I beleive I am taking the lowest dose and may have benefitted from switching to the more potent formula. I was cautious to do so as I was advised there may be considerable redness & peeling.	Nightly application OVER moisturizer to help correct melasma(Age spots, hyperpigmentation)and fine lines as well as reduce acne breakouts. I tried this for the last 6 months after hearing such great feedback from people who tried it.. I had used Retin A previously and did not see any improvement with that.
	I have stopped smoking for 1 month so far and I have had hardly any cravings.  Unlike the patched they dont fall off and unlike the nasal spray it makes you stop craving nicotine.	take 1mg in the morning 1mg in the evening every day.  The treatment should last for 12 weeks but can be extended for a further 12 weeks if like me you are a heavy smoker.
	My face looks fresher and i feel so much better, I can tell that the lines are already disapearing.	I put a very think layer on before bed every other night. In the morning I use a Daily Repair lotion called Nicel Daily Repair retinol cream that i mixed mixed with SPF 15.
	Cleared the adul acne quickly and also helped with discoloration.	Used once each night after cleansing with a mild, soap-free cleanser. Used a sunscreen of SPF 15 daily.
	carac got rid of the pre-cancerous spot and was not left with a scar	I would apply the carac cream to cleansed area and have the wash my hands immediatley after applying. In the morning I would dap off the residue and apply sunscreen. I did this for 3 weeks.
	to prevent seizures after being exposed to lead in our old  house in Philadelphia I started having seizues after testing there was no evidence of elipesy or history of elipesy in our family but still was diagnosed with a seizure disorder and after testing it was discovered that my metabolism was so high that it was tough to keep the proper amount of levels without constant blood level checks	3 x a day
	I had a terrible sinus infection with bloodly and puss-y? volumous nasal discharge once every 5 minutes.  Couldn't sleep much.	The first 5 pack dose was taken, on the 3rd day, discharge dramatically slowed down.  After the 5th day, the symptoms had almost cleared, but not completely. Being able to breathe through both nostrils was fantastic. This drug was very expensive ($125/ pack).  After the 9th day I decided to get a refill, as the discharge was returning. After completion of the second pack, symptoms cleared up. Would have been better to have a 6 pack, and I think I waited too long to purchase the second pack.  I didn't like the fact that the infection started to rebuild.
	I experienced Xannax more effective for anxiety and panic attacks.	"First I experienced the state of anxiety and panic at the age of 20. Starting with Librium I was successful to managed and control my mood and over sensitive nature.

Regular exercise, food and lively hobbies helped to relieve me form all sedative and tranquilizers.

It was, probably, job related stress and tension what triggered the state of anxiety and panic.

Now the above-mentioned medications are helping to perform my activities, mostly as a normal person."
	Quickly lowered ldl 100 points.	blood tests done 2 months after initial use showed dramatic drop in ldl and small particles. Its unknown what synergistic effect , if any can be attributed to Clomid for low T and levoxyl for low thyroid function, which were prescribed at the same time as the trilipix.. Both Testosterone and thyroid function were normalized simultaneously with ldl reduction. No severe side effects have been noticed from any of the drugs.
	weight loss, better awareness of how much fat is in foods.	After loosing 6lbs the first week I am loosing 2-3 lbs a week now, the drug works by blocking 30% of your fat intake, this 30% passes through you. It works well and really makes you think about what you eat.
	With this medication versus other drugs to treat ADD, I do not experience a coming down off of something effect. It is highly effective without the severe side effects of comparable medications to treat the same condition. Also, it does not destroy my appetite and I feel healthier with particular medication. I don???t experience dry mouth (but I have always been a huge water drinker!), nervousness, irritability, insomnia, or that racing heart feeling.	I take this medication once each morning and it lasts throughout the day and into the early evening. With this medication you must see your provider every six months to evaluate weight changes and effectiveness. During the 2 checks that I have had my weight has been consistent. Luckily, dosage has not been modified; we started out with the correct dosage. Although, from what I understand that is rare, dosages often have to be modified to find what works best for each individual.
	Decreased sensitivity to Ragweed pollens during Fall season.	Treatment was started one week prior to beginning of Ragweed season and continued at full dosage till one week past peak season. Dosage was then decreased by 50% till end of season.
	One year after diagnosis, surgery and beginning chemotherapy for stage IIIc ovarian cancer, I am working 35+ hours per week and living more or less normally while receiving biweekly chemotherapy treatments.  Taking oxycodone makes all the difference in my quality of life, because it allows me to live without otherwise constant pain in my back, ribcage and belly.  In the absence of this pain, my mobility/activity level is excellent, I can think and focus clearly, and I am free of the depression and frustration of what could be a debilitating illness.	As I am aware of the addictive potential of narcotics/opioids, I have deliberately requested a continued low dose (5 mg) and have made a point of not increasing frequency to more than three tablets a day.  During the week after chemo, I will sometimes experience a bit of breakthrough pain between doses, and will then take a low (325 mg) dose of acetaminophen.
	Reduced fatigue, increased concentration, focus, and motivation.	Adderall was prescribed for use while antidepressants were taking effect, to give immediate relief from an episode of major depression.
	I worked rotating day/night 12 hr shifts for 15 years and I was always tired and it was difficult to keep awake and a focused mind while working, especially on night shifts. I've been taking this drug for 6 years now and I have no problem staying awake, sharp and focused. I no longer even drink coffee at night when I'm at work. This drug has changed my life.	"Started off taking 200mg before a 12 hour shift, which made me have the jitters and a headache at times. So I then started taking 100mg before my night shift began and would take another 100mg 4-6 hours later. This stopped the headaches and jitters. On day shift I would take a 100mg, if needed. 

When I get home in the morning and go to bed, my mind will not stop thinking and I could easliy lay there for hours. My doctor prescribed Ambien and if I take that 10 minutes before going to bed I will fall right to sleep."
	It reduced the severity of acne eruptions.	I first starting taking it for frequent adult acne. The medication did work, and I quit taking it. But the acne returned so I went back on the Minocin. After 3 months on, I had frequent vaginal yeast infections, but no acne. I have been taking it for a year, and it no longer clears up the acne eruptions.
	"Lipitor is the only statin proven to provide a combination of impressive average LDL lowering of 39 percent to 60 percent, significant and proven cardiovascular event reductions, and a well-established safety profile across a broad range of patients.



It is the most prescribed cholesterol-lowering therapy in the world, with nearly 144 million patient-years of experience. Lipitor is supported by an extensive clinical trial program involving more than 400 ongoing and completed trials with more than 80,000 patients."	I received the lipitor for 4 weeks.
	My skin stopped breaking out as often and became much softer and smoother. The color really improved as well - much less blotchy and more "dewy."	After washing my face with a gentle cleanser, I would wait 20 minutes and then put on the cream. I would then wait another 20 minutes and put some lotion on because the tretnoin was just too drying.
	helps with ibs-c	supposed to take one tablet before each meal and one at bedtime. i take only one at bedtime and have still had considerable success w/ibs symptoms. i also supplement with acacia powder, apple cider vinegar, acidophilus supplements, and magnesium supplements.
	Patient expressed decrease in compulsory acts and a general improvement in mental stability. Also to note, patient showed a general improvement in social and educational functions as expressed in an academic report.	The patient was asked to participate in active counseling in addition to the medication. Some of the compulsions appear to correlate to stress induced anxiety, so the patient was urged to stop, breathe, relax, before attempting a stressful (or habitual) activity.  I also found it necessary to inform the patient of the current paradigm on his condition as well as offer alternative treatments.
	decrease in appetite and increase in energy	while taking it did a good job decreasing appetite but when it was stopped appetite increased substatially.
	I used it for sleep aid as ambien or lunesta never worked for me. I took a half a pill before bed and put me right to sleep. Never had any crazy dreams or sleep-walking episodes. Worked great as a sleep aid.	Took it before bed so I could fall asleep. Never woke up in the middle of the night.
	Taking Prozac has helped me to live a normal life. I was having a serious bout of depression when I first started taking Prozac, and the drug lifted the symptoms of extreme hopelessness and racing negative thoughts. I've tried to go off the medication but whenever I do, negative thoughts and the resulting emotions return. When I resume taking Prozac, the symptoms subside. The medicine allows me to challenge thoughts rather than react to them.	I've been taking 40 mg. of Prozac once a day for about 20 years (I started taking it about the time it first became available.)
	The baby did not contract PCP pneumonia. However, he was most likely never exposed to it either. Its effectiveness then is unknown.	The drug was given to prevent PCP pneumonia while the baby had a compromised immune system due to receiving a course of chemotherapy.
	to treat depression commonly caused by stroke. They say stroke and being a woman, 99% chance of depression, like a roller coaster early on..	To help me thru the early stages of the grief process in stroke recovery, which I guess it did, my emtotions were volatile at times, very hard time emotionally for a bit.  But I hated the numb feeling it gave me and worried me how I would react (if it would be too slow) if my kids had some sort of emergency..they were 5 and 6th grade at the time.
	Relief from hip and shoulder pain, tingling painful feet in the mornings when I would first walk around. I also received relief from lower back pain and as such allowed for better sleep to occur. There is also comfort in knowing that as my illness progresses and as I age that relief is out there for me when and if I choose to use it again.	I was having considerable hip and shoulder pain.  Also, I had significant sciatic pain but the sciatica pain was not as chronic as the shoulder pain.  While using the fentanyl patch I was given facet block injections and as a result have had little problem with the sciatica.  The fentanyl patch also relieved tingling pins and nnedle like pain in my feet that I had in the mornings when I first woke up and put even a little of my weight down on my feet.  For me the patches served me for the time that I was using them.  I am however, glad that for now I do not currently use them.
	I've been taking Duac for 2 weeks, and I've found it considerably effective in reducing and preventing pimples, whiteheads, and blackheads. It is cosmetically appropriate and easy to put make-up over.	I apply duac once a day to clean dry skin and follow with a moisturizer.
	"Relieve pain and fever,muscle pain and also no sneezing.

Temerature was for 105 C for one week and found normal after taking

medicine in one week for one tablets three times a day. it is wonderful medicine

to get the normal position for headache,flu,cold and fever"	flu and cold, took one tablets three times a day and found normal within one week
	Less pain, better mood	Took cymbalta once a day every day
	Elidel reduced my dry skin by about 80-85%. It increased exfoliation, which is very slowed down in hypothyroid-related dry skin, got rid of many of the blocked pores due to poor exfoliation, and stopped the vast majority of the flaking, burning, and redness I had suffered from before I used it.	After washing my face with gentle cleanser, I applied a small amount of Elidel to my entire face, before following up with a moisturizer (or two), then sunscreen.
	The treatment made the pain of the accident bareable. The paid seised for six hours before another dosage was needed.	I took the prescription for one week when my burn started to heal.
	Very slight reduction in muscle spasms around eyes.  Ended up also getting light Botox injections in eyelid muscles.  This combo therapy has not resulted in a total cessation of eyelid spasms, but has reduced them enough so that I can drive again (the main disability caused by the blepharospasm).  Taking the clonazepam at night also helps me get a better night's rest than before I took it.	Take 1 MG tab at night before bed.  As mentioned above, also got Botox injections to reduce eyelid spasmx.
	Unlike other anti-depressents which appeared to completely depress all emotional feeling and expression and lower energy levels, this drug appeared to free the patient from the high level of anxiety while allowing 'normal' emotional functioning. It appeared to stabalise the situation without comprimising the patients ability to perform normal work functions.	One capsule per day, taken in the evening.
	Wellbutrin offers a stable, constant release of medication that by inhibiting the reuptake of dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine results in more dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine to transmit messages to other nerves. Two brain chemicals in particular???dopamine and norepinephrine???are believed to play an important role in the ability to focus and pay attention to tasks.	I was diagnosed with Attention Deficient Disorder 13 years ago, a year after it was discovered that my daughter, then six, had the disorder. Prior to beginning a medication regiment to treat my disorder, I had tendencies toward impulsiveness, and difficulty staying on task, which affected many areas of my life. I have been able to achieve career and personal success that I know would not have been possible prior to taking the medication.
	The product was used to clear up a primary outbreak of herpes.  It was said to speed up the process of healing.  I took the product for the prescribed amount of time and can say that it did shorten the timeframe in half.	take one pill orally once per day for two weeks.
	It helped with depression and suicidal thoughts.  I was able to sleep better and deal with anxiety and stress better.	Effexor and Wellbutrin kept my depression under control - I took more during the winter months and less the rest of the year.
	I failed out of school three times before I started to take Adderall.  University once and a local college twice, in two different programs.  Went back and my grades went from D's and F's to B's.  I was able to concentrate and retain information.  I don't have the fatigue, I had and I want to get the day going, instead of laying in bed for as long as I could.  Literally changed my life.	30mg slow release in the morning.
	On taking the first capul,within 8 hours the pain was dramatically reduced in entire left side (back, hip,and lower abdomin)First time in two years I could sit down without holding on to something!!!!!I have been told for two years I PROBABLY have arthritis "WELCOME TO MIDDLE AGE" were my Doctors exact words !!!It took a stranger at a walk in clinic who had never seen me to get to the bottom of this nightmare.I had gone from working 5 days a week to 1 day a week,thats all I could handle.I will alwaysThank this Doctor for actually caring.	2 capsules a day for 5 days
	It cured my acne and reduced my wrinkles. This was really the best product I ever used. Common over the counter products and benzoyl didn't work, which was very frustrating. However, the effects are only temporary. As soon as I stop using it, after a few days I will get blackheads again.	I applied a pea size every day. You really do have to wait 20 minutes after washing your face before applying, because otherwise you will really have an increase of the side effects. Then wait a bit longer to let it absorb and use a moisturizer which is non comedogenic, like jojoba oil. Worked fine for me! And I have very sensitve skin.
	It is difficult to discern if there were any real treatment benefits.  Our son was given Prevacid after being diagnosed with eosinophilic esophagitis in an attempt to stop frequent bouts of mid-night stomach pain.  It is possible the Prevacid had a mild-moderate impact on his stomach pain but more than likely it was the concurrent dietary modification.	Treatment consisted of Prevacid (1.25 mg) three times a day and at this time the duration is indefinite.  Concurrently his diet was modified, removing wheat, peanuts, dairy and beef, based on a blood based allergy test.  The next phase of evaluation will include a measured DTH response to the identified allergens.
	The Tramadol helped minimally at first.  I did stop working for the pain.  I've continued to take it because it helped dramatically for the fatigue, without any jitters.  I honestly could not get out of bed in the morning if it weren't for this drug.	My doctor didn't know much about Fibromyalgia, so the only thing he prescribed was the Tramadol.
	Significantly reduced anxiety without feeling 'damped down' or 'numbed'. Feel normal, but with reduced anxiety. Compared to short-halflife anti-anxiety medications, no feeling of emotional dependency on a once-daily ongoing regimen.	Prescribed to act synergistically with stimulants prescribed for ADHD: the stimulants tend to increase anxiety, which also increases the necessary therapeutic dose for the stimulants, so this very low dose of the multiple reuptake inhibitor effectively reduces the dosage needed of the stimulant for therapeutic effect. This combination enabled me to reduce my stimulant dosage by 50% and also decreased my anxiety very substantially--the effect was almost immediately remarked on by my partner as well as in my own subjective opinion.
	This gel works really well for my acne.  I only had mild acne.  More importantly, the gel improved my fine lines and wrinkles.  I continue to use this product.	I use this product every night.  I would have liked to use a moisturize in conjuction with the product, but the company that produces Retin-A micro discourages it.
	fine lines around my eyes disappeared. the effect was gradual. It took about a year for them to completely disappear. Skin tone looks great too. People think I'm in my early thirties.	I use it every other day, mainly around the eyes and on the forehead. I've just begun using it on the neck, back of hands, and the rest of the face. I'll see how that goes!
	Treatment for three conditions all in one drug.	I'm unlucky to have three conditions that affect the attractiveness of my face.  I've struggled with acne since youth, and I've also had chronic blepharitis since age 12.  I am not heading into my 30's, and I'm beginning to develop rosacea on my upper cheeks, which could be contributing to my blepharitis.  Some days, I just don't feel like leaving the house because of how I look.  Doxycycline has helped clear up the acne and the rosacea symtoms.  However, it wasn't as affective at treating my blepharitis, so I'm not going to try a topical antibiotic, which has worked in the past.
	no seizure activity since i started taking this drug	Taking 750 mg split into 2 doses, taking morning and evening, i have small seizures as a result of a brain tumor removal received 4 years ago.
	Manageability of depression.	Take one pill daily until no longer needed.
	NO more food coming up my esophagas No more burning, no more waking up in the middle of the night with heartburn	Had helicobactor pylori with terrible acid reflux was treated with antibiotics and prilosec but still had terrible heartburn had a scope done and I had errosive esophagas started taking the nexium and has worked every since. If I miss a pill however my heartburn comes right back so I will have to stay on forever or eventually have surgery called a nissen fulondopation? wrap. I had all the testing for that surgery and was told I was a candidate fot it, so either I have to take the pill nexium forever or have surgery
	Rapidly eased the acute effects of the infection enabeling the patient to breath easier.  It also appeared to enhance the recovery rate from this prolonged infection.	"40mg (8 tables of 5mg) taken for 5 days then 7 tablets taken for 3 days, 6 for 3 days, 5 for three days until taking one talbe for three days then stopping.



The importance of not missing or suddenly stopping this treatment was stressed by our doctor, as I beleive this can cause serious side-effects."
	Fewer periods, a big plus for any woman.	Although the beginning stages of taking the pill were somewhat uncomfortable, Seasonique has remained a staple in modern birth control.  I would suggest this medication to any woman that is tired of dealing with a period every month (which is the majority of us).  The only thing that you need to keep an eye on, besides taking the pill everyday, is when its time for your cycle ITS THERE!  Even though you're on the pill does not mean you still can't get pregnant.  Take tests every three weeks to ensure there are no surprises in store for you.
	After taking Effexor for several weeks, I felt decreased anxiety and generally more stability in my moods.  This anti depressant wasn't a miracle drug but I think it did help make things easier to handle and, in general, neutralized most life experiences.	I'm not sure exactly what information you are requesting here but treatment started with a relatively low dose, escalating to a higher one.  This was done in reverse when I decided to stop taking Effexor.  In retrospect, I'm not sure how much it helped me but had I known how difficult it would be to stop taking the medication, I probably would have asked my doctor for an alternative.
	Benefits of Naproxen helped with inflammation in the neck. Having a herniated disc the size of a plum impinged on a nerve for about a year and a half caused permanent nerve and muscle damage in the right arm. After surgery there was immediate relief however, because of the damage there are still issues with pain and inflammation. There are also still 2 bulging discs in the same area as the 2 herniated discs that were removed and replaced (i.e.) ACDF surgery.	Treatment for inflammation in the cervical spine after ACDF surgery was necessary to remove 2 discs that were herniated and had a nerve severely impinged. As a result of nerve impingement there is permanent nerve damage and muscle damage. Almost 2 years after surgery still see doctor monthly for inflammation and pain. There are also 2 bulging discs that at this point and time have yet to cause any further surgery or pain.
	Calm me down, helped me sleep, did not wake up a lot during the night, able to handle stressfull situations.  This has be great taking at this time in my life, my dad died three years ago, my brother passed in October of 09 and my mom just moved in with me.  I found that my antidepression pills were helping but sometime I just felt like I was going to jump out of my skin and take someone with me.  This just took the edge off of everything and made things much easier to handle.	Take 1 Tablet by mouth twice a day as needed for anxiety
	It lowered my blood pressure from borderline high (140/90) to normal (about 120/75).  This treatment worked most of the time.  THe only time it did not work as well was when I was ill or was having asthma related problems (difficulty breathing).  During those times, even with the lisinopril, my blood pressure went up to the pre-treatment level.	In spite of the irritating coughing, I continued taking the linsinopril and after numerous tests to rule out other causes of the coughing (one Dr. thought it was because of acid reflux), the coughing finally subsided.  After about a year of coughing, the coughing finally subsided and now (5-7 years later) I don't have any coughing whatsoever attributable to the lisinopril.
	depression decreased while on this drug	see above
	The treatment benefits were really not noticable because the condition of hypothyroidism ranges from non-symptomatic to many symptoms.  At the time of diagnosis, I only had symptoms of mild fatigue which could have been the result of many other conditions	As I mentioned above, my diagnosis was based almost exclusively on labratory tests.  TSH and T4 (thyroid hormone) were found to be too high and too low, respectively.  Relatively non-descript symptoms accompanied the list of complaints at the time of diagnosis.  These symptoms improved somewhat after treatment.  It is still to be determined if side effects will be improved on reduced dosage.
	Some reduction in wrinkles and pores were observied, but I'm not sure if it's the Renova or the Fraxel or the combination.	I'm doing Fraxel treatements once every 4-6 wks, combined with Renova every night (except right after the Fraxel treatment). Some improvement has been observed.
	Having a constant level of pain relief by transdermal absorbpion.	Apply the patch every 3 days.
	The Differin did seem to help clear up the occasional blemishes I would get. made a slight improvement in the size of blackheads on my nose and cheeks but didn't aleviate them entirely.	I was directed to apply once or twice a week and build up to once per night as tolerated. I was able to tolerate once per night application for the entire course of treatment. There were some negative side effects (itching, sensitivity, warmth, and redness especially around my eyes) and not much in the way of positive side effects. I am now considering asking my dermatologist for a different prescription.
	This drug is very effective in making me sleep well, and works as a paralytic on my brain to keep me from sleep walking/talking.  It has also cut down on my migraines since I started taking it.	I took 1mg at night (up from an initial 1/2 mg dose) before bed as a treatment for sleep walking/talking and the inability to progress to deep sleep. This medicine worked great at first, but after 6 months I was no longer seeing a benefit.  The doctor took me off of it for 2 weeks as a drug holiday to let my brain rest, and had to put me on another med during that time because I had terrible insomnia as a result of withdrawal (I have never had insomnia in my life).  I do have some short term memory problems, but overall saw a bigger benefit to feeling better and an increased quality of life to stop taking the drug.
	AMBIEN HAS ALLOWED ME TO HAVE A full night of sleep and wake up feeling like a new person and ready for the day.	After taking Ambien it slowly begins to relax and calm down the busy brain
	Taking Prozac has enabled me to not erupt emotionally or lash out verbally at others during stressful situations, such as traffic jams, bad customer service, or when people are generally disrespecting me.  Most of the time, I have more patience than I did before taking the drug and can articulate my emotions better.	I take one Prozac 20 mg in the morning.
	The infection's symptoms of green mucus cleared up within 3 days. As each day passed the infection lessened as did the mucus production. By the 4th day I was feeling almost completely better.	I had a cold for 6 days that would not go away. Thick green mucus from the nose and coughing up green/ grey mucus, low grade fever. My doctor prescribed Azithromycin for the sinus/ lung infection. I took 2 pills the first day and then 1 pill for the next 4 days. On the second day I felt halfway better, fever and aches gone. Mucus became more yellow than green and had a reduction of symptoms. By the 3rd day, nasal mucus was yellow and was coughing much less. By the 4th day I felt much better, nose still producing mucus and slight coughing, but no longer as much production of mucus. By day 5, I had no color to mucus and felt like lungs were pretty much clearing out, nose still a little runny.
	more relaxed and not so obsessive, i did not hit lows or find myself depressed but more level and even	I was given this drug b/c of feelings of sadness and loss of organizational skills and not as hopeful or positive of the future as i had been, i had taken prozac years ago and was off it for 5 years b/f i tried this . i am not on any anti-depresant at the time.
	Relieves a migraine 8 out of 10 times.	Sometimes it makes me feel really weird for awhile afterwards, but it is worth it to calm the pounding in my head. I've had migraines since kindergarten and only recently discovered Imitrex. I never knew there was actually a pill that would take away a migraine. I think they cause rebound headaches, and they're ridiculously expensive, but it's more than worth it in the moment.
	"I started to take Prempro, the lowest dose, at age 56, because I would have freak periods - every six months.  I never really went through menopause.  No hot flashes, no night sweats.  But just a period out of the blue.  My doctor put me on 1 pill/day, .3, 1.5, and then I started to decrease the dose slowly to 1/2 pill per day, then 1/3 pill/day, then 1/4 pill/day.  Now I take one pill/week.  I find that the Prempro keeps my skin smooth and prevents incontinence, which started to happen when I tried to quit the drug entirely.

I still take it, but I do have water retention, even with this small dose."	See benefits.
	The drug was very effective in counteracting severe itching caused by atopic eczema. Zyrtec was more effective than other similar drugs (Zodac, Zaditen) which I took before for the same condition. It did not have the effect of treating the actual cause of the symptoms (eczema) but it was very effective in treating symptoms, which was what I expected (I took other topical drugs for the eczema which did not ease the itching sensation).	This is a non-prescription drug and I took it because I was experiencing severe itching caused by eczema. It was recommended to me by my dermatologist. I only took it about 4 times when the itching was very bad, and it did alleviate it. I always took 1 pill a day.
	At first, the acne on my face just went away. It's best for when you use it only once in a while.	I apply it before bed each night and the acne's still the same. It worked great at first, but now I don't use it anymore.
	did not take my pain away fully but it took the edge off things and helped me throught the day to do some activities i usually could not do without the drug.	"before tramadol i used  hydrocodone (vicodin) which is a narcotic pain killer ..it was was very effective with my pain but had a terrible come down ,i was very irritable and was just mad at things that with a sober mind i would not be mad at. tramadol has little come down and has a more natural ""high"" it boost your mood , with little euphria unlike narcotic pain killers. it feels as if someone just put the nicest , softest, warm blanket over you

tramadol  makes me alot more social, it boosts my mood and makes me just want to talk to people as normaly i would not want to associate with people as much.i recomend this drug to all. it is alot better for you than narcotic pain killers"
	I had tried every single thing to help my acne yet nothing worked. Then my doctor prescribed me Accutane and it seriously has been a miracle. Within a month my skin was almost completely clear. It felt so good to not wake up in the morning with a huge pimple on my forehead. This treatment has completely changed my life.	"I started with a low dose, then increased the dose after several weeks. The length of the treatment course was 6 months. 

I had tried every single thing to help my acne yet nothing worked. Then my doctor prescribed me Accutane and it seriously has been a miracle. Within a month my skin was almost completely clear. It felt so good to not wake up in the morning with a huge pimple on my forehead. This treatment has completely changed my life."
	Increased focus, attention, productivity. Better able to pay attention and absorb information in class. Reduced impulsivity. Increased motivation, increased mood. Lasts much longer than other ADHD drugs with much less severe side effects.	I took adderall once as a child, and it made me so miserable that I never wanted to take it again. Concerta did nothing for me either, and as an adult, vyvanse was the first ADHD drug I was put on since I was in elementary school. I've been on 50 mg, 70 mg, and 60 mg. 60 works best for me, lasting about 7 hours. 70 mg kept me from being able to fall asleep and 50 mg only lasted about 5.5-6 hours. I am able to pay attention and absorb the information in my classes. I also found that vyvanse put me in a good mood for the day!
	Controlled complex partial seizures.	Started at 2 doses of 300 mg a day and worked up to 4 doses per day over a six month period. Only at 1200 mg a day did the drug control the seizures. During each time when I increased the dosage, I founf the side-effects worsened, but after a week or so, the side effects minimized and then disappeared.
4	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Marginally Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
6	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Moderately Effective
2	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Ineffective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Considerably Effective
2	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
4	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
2	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
5	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
5	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
2	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
4	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Marginally Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
5	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
5	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
4	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
4	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Ineffective
5	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
6	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
4	Ineffective
7	Considerably Effective
2	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Ineffective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Moderately Effective
7	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
3	Marginally Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
4	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
7	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Ineffective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
4	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
2	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
2	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
4	Ineffective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
2	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Ineffective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
8	Moderately Effective
2	Ineffective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
5	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Marginally Effective
5	Marginally Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
4	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
6	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
5	Highly Effective
2	Moderately Effective
6	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
8	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
7	Moderately Effective
4	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
