	I was used to having cramps so badly that they would leave me balled up in bed for at least 2 days.  The Ponstel doesn't take the pain away completely, but takes the edge off so much that normal activities were possible. Definitely a miracle medication!!	I took 2 pills at the onset of my menstrual cramps and then every 8-12 hours took 1 pill as needed for about 3-4 days until cramps were over. If cramps are bad, make sure to take every 8 hours on the dot because the medication stops working suddenly and unfortunately takes about an hour to an hour and a half to kick back in.. if cramps are only moderate, taking every 12 hours is okay.
	Although this drug was originally prescribed for depression, it helped with sleeplessness. Therefore, I have continued to take it for that alone. While I still on occasion have problems falling asleep, I find I can combine it with Melatonin or Valerian. In 12 years, I haven't had to increase the elavil dosage.	One a day, taken about an hour before bedtime.
	This simply just works fast and without any of the nasty side effects of SSRI medicines. I won't go into a long story of my panic attacks which I sought help for many years after the fact. This just works and it does what it's supposed to without any annoying side effects. When taken daily, it has stopped my panic attacks from starting and thinking patterns that lead to them. I find it can also be used as needed along with the daily treatment.	I first started taking this at 3 times per day with .25 mg pills. I was advised not to take as needed with my panic attacks as that would reinforce the idea of taking a pill when it's needed and not help me work around my anxiety. This is totally true. At first I wished to only take them as needed but with my doctor's advice, he was right. This really does work when you take it daily at 3-5 times per day. This way your body adjusts to what's going on with the panic and makes no association with taking a pill to prevent or stop it, they just don't start in the first place. Yes, I still do have minor attacks and worry episodes here and there but nothing at all like the many years before this. I wish that this extremely helpful medicine would not have such a bad name in media, news and pharmacies. This works wonders and there is no want or need to take more or become and addict. People and doctor's need to  understand more on how to treat someone with something that just WORKS, rather than trying to give them SSRI's which are what the drugs companies push, all for money reasons. And, the doctor's out there who decide that SSRI's are the only option, they need to go back to medical school!
	reduction in anxiety, no panic attacks.  drug is extremely effective	took medication for 5 to 6 years.  Very hard to get off this drug.  I liked the way my anxiety was controlled, but it also inhibits all emotional response (at least in my case).  I didn't have any mood, emotion, nothing.  It gave me a very flat affect.  Also my doctor did not seem very informed toward drug side effects and withdrawl symptomologies.
	"I'm taking Gabapentin to treat nerve disorder. My nerves are inflamed and causes to experience pelvic pain and other pelvic disorders. The Gabapentin sometimes works but I do experience relapse.



For the migraines

I find that the 800mg of Ibprofen works better with no side effect for my migraines, but the maxalt has a better track record."	I take 600mg of Gabapentin three times day. It seems to be effective but I feel I need a hire dosage as the longer I take it the more I experience relapses.I first started out with 300mg three times a day but it was ineffective.
	Controlled the psoriasis, however did not reduce its presence.	I found this time-consuming to apply 1-2 times daily.  Also, due to the "halo" effect, it was a little precarious to apply as well.
	I had taken Pulmicort, and other inhalants, with no major changes.  It became more difficult to maintain my exercise and lively life style. I gave in and began Symbicort and immediately experienced a relief of shortness of breath, weezing.  I feel like a new person. I still have a reaction to cold wind, and very high humidity, but so much better.  I rarely use my Albuterol.	I take one puff in the am, rinse my mouth and gargle.  I repeat the treatment in the evening before bed.
	Assists with getting to sleep and due to longer half life than other anxiolytics(ie Alprazolam)anxiety is less upon waking. Whilst Alprazolam is extrememly effective for immediate reduction in arousal, I find Lorazepam more effective for overall lowering of anxiety.It has been especially helpful to start the day with little or no anxiety rather than with a high arousal level immediately needing management or medication.	Taken for anxiety,initially in an acute stage. This was followed by a decision by patient (myself) to continue for 3 months in order to reduce arousal levels whilst undertaking therapy using the theraputic model ACT.
	I had   persistent periodontal problems, both stressful and painful.  Every dentist I saw  told me I was going to lose my teeth.  This drug  cleared up the condition.  It protected me against inflammation for the entire period of time that I took it.  I continued taking the drug much longer than is usually recommended because it was so effective. The effectiveness did not seem to diminish.	A dentist in my dental HMO prescribed it and was willing to continue to do so because I implored him to do so.
	The stuff works like a charm--fast and effective.	One pill 30 mins. before activity
	Effective at controlling seizures without dizziness	I took Dilantin for decades.  My doctor moved me to Trileptal; it was not 100% effective and caused dizziness, plus it was very expensive.  Lamictal controls my seizures, although I still get headaches (auras).  I would like to be completely free of these headaches, but this is still better than previous medications.
	The cream made the basal cell carcinoma and actinic keratoses react, scab up, and heal to nice smooth skin after about two weeks after treatment with the cream ended.	The cream is applied at bedtime for five nights a week for Basal Cell Carcinoma.  Three night per week for actinic keratosis.  You do this for eight weeks in a row.  By the end of eight weeks, the bad cells react gradually as scabby spots.  This is how you know the medicine is working.  You put the cream on the spots your doctor tells you to, with about an inch margin all around it.
	No undesired pregnancies, lighter period	One pill daily.
	I took Minocycline hoping that it would clear up my acne. I have been taking Tetracycline for over 2 years without no result, frustrated, my doctor prescribed Minocyline. After 1 year, I was still having break out just not as bad.	I don't have severe acne problem, just occasional break out.  I was prescribed Minocycline by my doctor and was advised to take it once a day for treatment of my acne.  I was told that it would take up to six month to see result.  After more than a year being on it, it did very little for me.  I was still breaking out, it just that some of my break out was not as bad.  Bottom line, I was not satisfied because it did not help clear up my acne altogether.
	After 2 days of taking the medication my stomach pain subsided.  The burning i also began to go away.  it took a full week for everything to return to normal for mw.	Went to doctor because of burning and pain in my stomach.  As long as I was consantly full my stomach was better but the second it became empty I was back to being uncomfortable.  I want to get rid of these symptoms before I became over weight so i went to my doctor and he started me on 60 mg for 1 week and then I was changed to 30 mg once a day and after a couple of days I felt much better. and have every since.
	"Lowered blood pressure.  This was the last prescribed medication for out of control high blood pressure.  Apparently, it takes all three of the medications

to work together. With all of them, my blood pressure is within normal guidelines (or very close), but without any one of them, there is an immediate rise"	This was the last prescribed medication for out of control high blood pressure. I was first diagnosed with  hypertension when I was in my 30's (with no symptoms  - routine check-up) Gradually through the years, it has taken more meds.  Apparently, it takes all three of these medications to work together. With all of them, my blood pressure is within normal guidelines (or very close), but without any one of them, there is an immediate rise
	After 60 days on Crestor, 5 mg. per day, in combination with changes to my diet, my LDL (bad) cholesterol fell from 180 mg/dL (high risk) to 95 mg/dL (optimal), a drop of nearly half.  My triglyceride levels were reduced as well.	Because my LDL cholesterol was in the "high risk" range by American Heart Assn. standards, it was important to lower my risk level quickly.  In addition to taking 5 mg. of Crestor daily, I made disciplined adjustments to my diet.  I cut out animal fats, including dairy fats (like cheese and ice cream).  I cut out trans fats (like partially hydrogenated oils).  I greatly increased my consumption of wheat bran and oat bran, and raw vegetables.  I also took 500 mg. of time-release Niacin with my lunch each day.  Once I got my LDL cholesterol down to below 100 mg/dL, my doctor revised my prescription to only 2.5 mg. Crestor per day.  Since Crestor is not sold in this dosage, I must cut the pills in half.  I was tested again after 60 days at this dosage, and my LDL was still below 100 mg/dL.  And that was with a more relaxed diet.
	At the recommendation of the Life Extension foundation, I was taking 1850 mg per day of metformin prophilatically -- as an anti-aging medicine. Gene assay testing by Biomol resveals that metformin surpresses the Sir1 gene, acting as a calorie reduction memetic. Calorie Reduction is the only currently proven way to extend life span, and the hope is that metformin will mimic this. Resveratro ( herb ) also reputably does this.	Metformin reduced my fasting blood glucose by about 10 pints, and my AC1 by 20%.
	i have mild hypothyroidism, so i wasn't necessarily aware of what having an underfunctioning was doing to my body.  still, i was able to detect changes (for the better) after taking synthroid for a few months.  the primary benefit i aw was HIGHLY HIGHLY improved concentration, which has made school/work such a pleasure.  i think my metabloism also improved slightly.	take your pill everyday at the same time.  i found that morning is best, because you need to wait an hour to eat after taking the pill.  i take it right when i wake up, then get ready, and then have breakfast right at the one hour mark.
	face cleared up conciderably. It took about 2 months for the drug to become conciderably effective though.	Face and body cleared up conciderably.  It did take a while for the drug to take effect - but was worth it in the end.  I am now pregnant and will continue treatments after I have the baby.  Once I stopped taking it before I got pregnant - my face began to break out again. So you really have to continue to take it to keep the benefits.
	Reduce a lot the heartburn feeling, and after a week treatment no more heartburn where visible. Every other meal i was taken produced a lot of acid juices in my stomach, after that treatment this never happen.	One pill every morning after breakfast for a week only.
	"The drug has slowed down the process of osteoporosis in my hips.  I feel much better, with less pain than before.  I was very pleased with my checkup when I went to my doctor.  I feel the combination of the Fosamx and the Caltrate Plus

will continue to improve my condition and make my bones stronger."	There is really not much to describe.  I now take the drug once a week instead of once everyday and am very happy with taking it this way.  As I mentioned above, as per my doctor's instructions, I also take Caltrate Plus 3x400mg.tablets a day, as he feels this will also help to strengthen and build my bones and keep them from becoming brittle.
	Feels like it stops nearly all acid production, heartburn is gone.  Due to cardia weakness stomach contents can still travel up esophagus but no burning sensation is felt.  Regardless there is still some mild irritation in my esophagus.	Will likely be on Prevacid indefinitely due to GERD unless I have Nissen fundoplication surgery, and perhaps even still then.  Had trouble with coverage under a new insurance company when I changed and I now take the soluble tablet instead of the capsule.  If I discontinue the drug then heartburn returns fully after a couple of days.
	cold not discern because there was no clinical symptom other than tsh leel was low.the lab test result indicate improvement in tsh level but the doctor did not increase the dosage of the drug.	every morning i took the pill with water and waited 2 hours before breakfast.  were noted. no clearcut benefits either. i am a healthy senior with no physical problem other than low level of thyroid hormone.
	Angeliq did eliminate the night sweats and kept the hot flashes to a mininum. I have had severe vaginal dryness (even tearing) and a host of infections (yeast & bacterial). I remain a bit irritated and I have NO sex drive.	I pill daily for a year.
	I was able to completely stop a migraine from happening once I felt one starting.  This has been extremely beneficial to me.  I have gotten my life back.  I would have 1-2 migraines a week which would put me in bed for 2 days.  I would take pain killers, which only knocked me out, doing nothing to alleviate the pain.  I was missing a large part of my life, being in bed.  Also I never knew when I would have to cancel plans or stay home from work due to a migraine.  I felt very unreliable, which is not me.  I am a very responsible person.	I take half of a tablet at the first sign that a migraine is starting.  Usually within 45-60 minutes the beginning symptoms of my migraine are gone.  Once in awhile, at this point (60 minutes after I have taken half of a tablet) the symptoms are not noticeable different, so I will take another half of a tablet.
	Migraine problem: I now only have rare occurance of migraines, less than once a year.  Before Prepro treatment I had a migraines almost continuously, and took Frova at least twice a week. Potential benefits is prevention or delay of osteoporosis, since my mother had severe osteoporsis.	I take the prescribed dosage every day, get annual breast exams, pap and BMD tests.  I try to stay physically active and eat healthy foods.
	nearly instant pain relief , extremely efficace	"I have been taking cimetidine and medecines of the same family with no much improvement of my acid reflux and with a lot of side effects for about 2y then I tried Zantac and It feel like a miracle drug my acid reflux was under control and the side effects of cimetidine disappeared totally in about 3 months.no side effect with Zantac.

Zantac the brand medecine is for me more efficace then the generic ranitidine but I am not sure of the reason"
	My cholesterol was lowered by about 15 points. I did not seem to do anything else nor was it supposed to.	I had High cholesterol and was considered to be at risk for heart attack. This drug was supposed to lower my cholesterol level which would reduce any heart plaque that might be building up in my arteries. I lowered my cholesterol somewhat but ultimately my diet did much more to change my counts.
	"I took this medication, Valtrex, upon first experiencing the sensation of tingling and itching symptoms associated with the onset of the beginning of a cold sore/fever blisters (herpes-simplex) outbreak on my face which I had experienced many times before - usually once a year.

The next day after taking valtrex as prescribed, redness of the area affected on my face did develop and a blister did appear to be forming, but the affected area had ceased to itch. 

By the second day, there had been no further development of redness or additional blistering as there would have been in previous times before taking this medication.

On the third day, the redness and initial sign of blister formation had diminshed even further.

By the fifth day after taking this medication, there were no longer any signs or symptoms of what had started out to be, as I had experienced in my previous cold sore outbreaks, a 10 to 12 day spell of uncomfortable and unsightly fever blisters. 

This medication made a real and positive difference for me in the development, disconfort and duration of the symptoms of a cold sore/fever blisters (herpes-simplex) outbreak."	Take two tablets by mouth with water twice daily for one day.
	Do not experience hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings or insomnia due to menopause when using the Femring.	Femring is inserted vaginally and replaced every 3 months.  Hormones are released in daily doses.  Provera was taken once monthly to slough uterus lining by forcing menstruation.
	I was not able to ascertain any benefits from being treated with this medication.  Its purpose was pain relief, and I did not experience any alleviation of my pain.	I was prescribed this medication after being seen by a doctor for a severely infected cat bite wound on the top of my left foot (which the doctor was concerned might become a systemic infection).  The foot and my entire left leg were very painful (especially upon movement), so the doctor had me take Ultram ER to help relieve the pain.  I was told to take 1 tablet daily as needed.  I did as instructed for two consecutive days and did not have any relief from my pain.  After I reported this to my doctor, she gave me a prescription for a stronger pain reliever (which did help).
	significant, but not complete, relief from symptoms (sneezing, itchy eyes, cough, hives) while exposed to allergens - cats, certain plants. works best as preventative, but also works fine for relief from symptoms.	tried rx for this in place of over-the-counter claritin/loratadine. this worked much better for animal allergies. I only take it as needed - not
	Able to breath at night, less sneezing. I woke up with less nasal stufiness and felt clear headed. I also appreciated the moisturizing glycerin in Nasonex. I have a extremely dry nasal mucosa so there was definitely a benefit to that.	Use in the morning and evening in the spring allergy season. Continue to use even if symptoms disapear and 2 to 4 weeks prior to full blown allergy symptoms.
	The medicine keeps me calm under all circumstances, and helps me to sleep at night. I used to have panic attacks at times before I began using this medicine. Now the panic attacks are few and far between. Although I do not like to drive while taking the medicine, if I must I can with no problems. In social situations I am much more myself and can relax and have fun. I have had 3 mini-strokes. Since I began treatment with Xanax I have not had a single episode.	Upon treatment I found that results were immediate. I have been told that this drug is highly addictive, however that does not concern me as my Neurologist will keep me on this medicine for the remainder of my life.
	Moderate lifting of depressive episode, made it so I could function better in everyday life.	I went to my internist and told him that I wanted to be put on a low dose of an antidepressant and something for my anxiety . I had been on Effexor for many years, awile ago. Effexor worked but the withdrawal symptoms were horrible, even if I so much as missed a dose. Perhaps it was a placebo effect, but I felt the Zoloft working after about a week. Nothing earth shattering,but noticeable.
	Had generalized anxiety daily prior to treatment, and panic attacks that impaired ability to function normally and quality of life in general. Medication did not completely eliminate feelings of anxiety, but did a great job of reducing them. Taking the medication Serzone, made it possible to rely on the medication xanax less and less, to the point only had to take it seldom as needed.	Took 200 to 400 mg. of medication for 6 years for the treatment of anxiety.
	enables me to get on with my life and be mobile. without it my back and neck become "stiff" so I also combine taking the drug with daily exercise to keep myself as fit as is possible. my condition was inherited from my father.	twice per day, with meals (morning and night).
	preventing further hair loss	I took this medicine once daily. The results were not dramatic but could be visibly noticed.
	Effectively controlled acid reflux.  Before treatment patient had severe acid reflux which was not controlled by other medications.  After trying many other drugs the patient was prescribed protonix and it worked very effectively.  The patient was then able to eat regular meals with no ill effects.	Took medicine as prescribed, twice daily
	marginal, not sure if recovrey was from the drug or from the infection running it's course.	Chronic bronchitis-type sympptoms were treated, daily dosage varied and was confusing and difficult to administer.  Not able to pinpoint if recovery came from the infection running it's course or from the drug.  No side affects, but anxiety taking a steriod in such an unusual way.
	The drug calmed me down and stopped me from crying constantly.I only took it when absolutely necessary which was a huge benefit, unlike the anti anxiety drugs given out now which you have to take every day for long periods.Valium works instantly and I never had any problems at all with it. I do not understand why it is not given out instead of all these other antidepressants which are readily available and cause huge problems and come with awful side effects.	To be taken 3 times a day, but I only took as & when necessary.
	I started out with 100 mg twice a day and after about 3 years I've had to increase dosage to 200 mg in the morning and 100 mg at bedtime. It seems to keep my arthritis fairly under control but I have never been able to just take it once a day but I've also had arthritus for 35+ years. Unfortunatelt cold fronts and weather changes still bother my joints. This mediicine keeps me active and pretty much able to do most of what I want to do.	See above. I am concerned thaqt the dosage might have to be upped after a few more years.
	No impact whatsoever.  It was like I wasn't even taking anything.  The OTC ibuprofen I was taking before my doctor appointment was more effective.	Took 2 tablets (15 mg) total, once daily in the morning.  Also took Zanaflex, but only at night.  The Zanaflex helped - for about 3 hours.  When I was just on the meloxicam, I was in terrible pain.  The injury being treated was mid-back pain, caused by straining/overusing my back muscles in a ski competition.  I have a 30 day prescription for meloxicam, but I'm calling the doctor tomorrow to ask for something different; this drug is totally pointless for me.
	As a medical professional (newly graduated medical student now in first year of residency), I am able to feel more alert and focused during the day even after having been up all night.  As free time is scarce in residency, I am now able to study when I would otherwise be too exhausted to do anything.	Recommended dose is 200mg once a day, can also be taken again in the afternoon if needed.
	After trying a variety of high blood pressure medicines my doctor prescribed Zestoretic.  Zestoretic lowered my blood pressure to acceptable levels of 100/70 from 130/90.  The difference between this medicine and prior ones seems to be the diuretic.  After experiencing the positive benefits of the diuretic I began watching my sodium intake.  I avoid any food that contains 900 or over mgs of sodium per serving.  This pretty much eliminates most canned soups, dry packaged side dishes and frozen foods.  After 16 months of watching my sodium intake I have become much more sensitive to sodium and no longer use table salt	I take two tablets once a day at breakfast.
	I became more active and lost 10 of the 14 pounds I had gained.  I have more energy, and feel like myself again.	I returned from vacation in August by November I had gained 14 pounds.  I did not know why.  I was eating the same amount of food.  I went to see the doctor and after a complete check up and blood tests they found I had a low under active thyroid.  As I think back, I did feel more tired, I did not want to join my kids and spouse to do anything instead I would go to bed early.  That is not like me.  I am the type of person who would get up and go anytime.  I thought I was just tired.  Now, I reflect and remember that I stopped doing things with my family, became less active and all along I thought it was because I was tired when in actuality my thyroid was off.
	I used to live on my MDI(combivent). I started maintenance drugs Spiriva and Symbicort and it has changed my world. I, on adverage, dont have to take my MDI at all anymore. I have my days that I have to, living in Texas can be a nightmare of allergies. I can do more activities without feeling so short of breath. I have not had any major side effects yet...Overall after starting Spiriva I'm doing much better. For anyone with Asthma I would suggest they try this drug.	Well, theres not a whole lot to say about the treatment details. I take one dose per day in the morning. Its a dry disk powder that you inhale. Its very easy, quick, and seems to work very fast.
	Almost immediate relief of allergy symptoms, freer breathing	I suffered from severe allergic reactions to almost all allergens.  My nasal passages would constrict & I could not breathe through my  nose.  As a result, my sinuses would clog up & I would experience severe sinus headaches.  Taking this medication only as needed -- when I began to first experience the severe symptoms -- has actually seemed to decrease my symptoms overall.  I don't need to use the medication as often as I did when I first began taking it.  In fact, my original prescription was filled 4/8/2007 for a quantity of 30 and I still have four pills left!
	The treatment reulted in significantly lower blood pressure - in total a drop of over 30 points on both the upper and lower readings.	The pharmaceutical therapy was combined with moderate excercise (eg. walking 3 miles 3-4 times a week) and life style modification such as meditation, enhanced body-mind awareness and diet changes, such as cutting eliminating red meat and cutting down on hot spices, wheat, processed grains and sugar and milk products, while significantly increasing complex carbohydrates, lentils, and dietary fiber.
	mood stability and two safe preganancies wtih healthy children.	The only downside from lamictal is you need to slowly up the dosage to a therapuetic level, so you can't take it if you are in a mood "crisis".
	I saw great symptom reduction in my facial eczema which included itchiness and redness. Previously I was treating my eczema with topical corticosteroids like hydrocortisone and fluticasone. I had been using topical steroids for years and had developed cystic acne. After a few courses of antibiotics for acne treatment I realized using antibiotics was pointless if I continue to use topical steroids. I decided to try an anti-histamine which surprisingly helped greatly. Enough so i could discontinue my hydrocortisone. Using loratadine helped my eczema be tolerable but not "cured". I also managed my eczema with a lot of moisturizing.	I take 10 mg of a grocery store brand loratadine nightly. I try to not take it with milk, I felt like it was not working the next day when I did take it with milk.
	I had recently developed hotflashes which were becoming notceably worse.  Very shortly after beginning this drug, my hot flashes stopped.  I am hoping there are other benefits like preserving the integrity of my body, but it may be too soon to tell.  It definitely alleviated the hot flashes, however.	This drug comes in a very small patch which you change every three to four days.  It's worn on the lower abdomen.  That's it.  You really can't feel it, and don't even know it's there.
	Relieved symptoms of itchy runny nose providing relief from discomfort	Use inhaler twice a day once in the morning and once in the evening for a period of four weeks. It took approximately five days to week before lasting relief was obtained. Continuous use prevented the condition from recurring. Condition occurred on a seasonal basis in the mid fall and mid spring period. No symptons in Winter or Summer.
	Seem to have a bad sinus / nasal infection, now up into ethmoids.  Seemed to start with attempt to drain tear duct, but blocked.  Helping but not kicking it.  They've now changed me to my choice of Omnicef or Levaquin, I chose the Omnicef.  We'll see if it does the trick.	Given to me by my PCP for sinus infection.
	The occurance of medium to large acne on cheeks was almost non existant. There still was the occasional small white head and they generally healed quickly and left little to no scarring.	pea size amount massaged into cheeks twice daily
	Total seizure control; however occasional auras continue	"I have seizure disorder; for years I took Dilantin which was partly effective but not entirely and has some side effects.  Several years ago a new doctor wanted to change me to Trileptal.  The experience was not good - a major seizure while he was experimenting with the dosage; dizzy spells came over me in the morning, sometimes during my commute.  Later the doctor switched to Lamictal.  I have been on Lamictal for several years now with no seizures and , with the occasional 'aura' (something like a headache that in the past has sometimes been a precursor to a seizure).

I do not know the efectiveness of the new generic equivalent."
	More energy and endurance, much more able to concentrate, skin elasticity improved and noticed overall skin rejuvenation and tightening, sleep improved and wake up feeling more rested, aware of vision improvements and improved libido.	1 subcutaneous injection of somatropin in abdomen or inner thigh 6 nights a week.
	Ability to relax enough to sleep. Gradual relief from severe TMJ and tension that began to feel like being frozen solid. Relief from restless leg syndrome. Ability to relax gradually over time. Relief from chattering teeth.	For years, after some kind of nerve damage after a spinal tap, I would start to have small seizures every time I would begin to relax. (GETTING TENSE DIDN'T HELP EITHER ;-) I had trouble laying quietly, let alone sleeping. My teeth chattered and my legs twitched like crazy and there was a very painful weak spot in my lower back. I still have the painful weak spot and pretty severe migraines, but this drug was a quality of life saver. When I took it at the same time as Topomax it was ESPECIALLY effective. I take 2 mg at night before bed, and sometimes another .5 or 1 mg during the day if symptoms were bad. It's exhausting to never be able to relax.
	pain relief, frequencey, urgency relief	Tequin and pyridium per MD order. drink lots of water, void completely, wipe front to back, void before and after sexual intercourse, avoid chemicals around urethra like bubble baths, maintain cleanliness around urethra, drink cranberry juice and/or take vitamin C supplements to maintain acidic urine to inhibit bacteria from attaching to wall of bladder.
	Had to take an extra 1/2 pill in addition to prescribed dose of 1/2 pill per event, usually night before in order to achieve satisfactory benefit of performance.  Previously used another brand but was discontinued by HMO.  Much depends on regular exercise & regular sleep activities to be effective.	Take prescribed dosage about one-half to one hour prior to sexual activity.
	After having tried several over the counter treatments for this condition, this treatment was the only one that effectively treated the condition.  The itching and discoloration began to dissipate after a few days and symptoms were completely gone after two weeks.	As recommended by my doctor I continued the treatment for two weeks after the symptoms had disappeared.  The cream was applied liberally to affected areas twice a day.  I would recommend this treatment to anyone with persistent fugal skin growth.
	I've only been on it for a week but I've noticed a change already. I am more awake and it seems as though a fog has been lifted. I am thinking more clearly and don't feel so down.	My doctor added Abilify to my 60 mg of Cymbalta because I was feeling really fatigued and unable to function.
	It greatly helped with my depression which was caused by a divorce after 28 years of marriage. 3 months after my separation my Father died and my Mother became very angry and unresponsive with me.When I started taking this medication I was able to focus better at work and at home I was able to effectively deal with my emotions, I also experienced an increase in my libido. I am still currently taking the generic form of Wellbutrin SR (Bupropion).	I take 1 tablet in the morning an 1 tablet at night everyday. When I am able to afford it I intend to try the brand name of this product to see if it will help with my libido now since I have had a hysterectomy and am experiencing low libido, weight gain, and depression of a different kind than I experienced in the beginning.
	The treatment benefits was estrogen replacement.  This estrogen patch system significatly reduced my headaches.  Estrogen is not processed through the liver when delivered via a patch, therefore reducing hormone induced migrains.  I felt normal for the first time in years after my hysterectomy.  I love this medication.	Vivelle Dot is an Estrogen replacement patch that is placed on the abdomen every 3 1/2 days. It comes in several dose strengths.  It has significantly reduced my headaches due to hormone replacement.  He is also great for people who have trouble remembering to take a daily pill.  I highly recommend this product.
	I've been on yasmin four years now, it works so great! I have , just nausea if I take two at a time and that is hardly ever.  But my acne completely went away and no pregnancy the whole time I've been on it! Would definently recommend to anybody.	.
	Was often so tired that I barely got through my work day and would go home and sleep.  My quality of life was pretty much non-existant as I didn't enjoy anthing because I was always too tired.  When I started provigil I quit feeling like I always needed a nap and was able to make plans with friends because I had the energy to do more than just get through 9 to 11 hour work days.	Was prescribed 100 mg and could go up to 200 mg as needed.  On a regular day 100 mg was sufficient.  On long days or if I had activities schduled after work I would take another 100 mg tablet or I'd cut a tablet in half to take 50 mg rather than 100 .  I made sure I didn't take anymore after about 6:00 pm or it would keep me awake at night.
	My legs used to jump pretty badly and so did my arms every night about 60 times per hour, that's once a minute.  Sometimes it would wake me up and other times I didn't even know I was doing it, but the doctor told me that it was still disturbing my sleep.  While taking this drug, my legs and arms only jumped about 3 times in a 6 hr period.  All documented on sleep studies.	I take a .25mg tablet every a.m. and then around dinner I take another one.  This keeps me from becoming jumpy in the daytime because I used to just be sitting there and my arm or leg would fly up or I'd feel the need to move.  I also take 1 mg at bedtime to stop my legs and arms from jumping in my sleep.  This has improved my quality of sleep immensely.
	resolved depression within one week. I was told it did not work that fast, but I know it did. It is	I take it most days. At times I have stopped taking it for 30-50 days and the depression returns. I believe it is good to occasionally stop the medicine to be sure it is still needed.
	Dries quickly on skin, can be worn under makeup, prevnted bactreial breakouts from makeup sensitivity	Apply to clean dry skin twice per day
	Is very helpful with insomnia.  Was able to put racing thoughts that run threw my mind at rest.  Was able to get into a deep sleep.	I take 1 pill everynight before bed as needed.  Sometimes I could quit taking it when my sleep cycle was normal.
	This treatment was easy to remember to take at only one time daily.  Although I didn't miss any dose times, if I had, the directions state to take the missed dose, unless it is almost time for the next dose time which would be the following day after the missed dose.  If the latter being so, then one should wait for the next dosage.	Take 2 tablets the first day by mouth; then, one tablet on days 2-5.  Don't take medicine within one hour before or two hours after aluminum or a magnesium-containing antacid.  Finish all of the medication, even if symptoms of the illness disappear prior to full prescription time demands in length.  Store medicine @ room temperature, away from heat and light.  Medicine may cause sensitivity to sun; avoid exposure to sun.  Notify physician if swelling, rash or hives, breathing difficulties become present.  Do not do anything that could be dangerous (Ex:  driving, operating machinery) until you know how this medicine will affect you.
	good for skin	take alongside .05 retin-A treatment alternative, good stuff
	feeling more relaxed and able to go to work, the breath slowed, shaking stopped and mood improved	just as the anxiety arised I took 10 or 20 drops depending on the strength of the symptoms and after a while I was normal again
	I had severe hot flashes all day and night. The night episodes kept me awake most of the night with alternating hot, sweaty flashes, followed by teeth-rattling chills.  Prempro eliminated the vast majority of episodes so i could sleep	I took 1 pink pill each day, in the morning after breakfast.
	Decreased redness and bumpiness by day 6. I believe the benefits were associated with the prescribed medication. However, I was also using a histamine blocking topical cream during the course of treatment.	Rash of unknown origin. Intense itching, redness, and bumpy texture beginning on neck and slowly migrating around to appendages. Took prescription described above, as recommended. On Day 6, I noticed decreased irritation associated with rash.
	This medication saved my life. The depression had gotten so sever that I was unable to function properly. It has made me feel like a 'real' person again. It has not done much for the anxiety, panic, or OCD. The Xanax helps with that area. I will be going to the psychiatrist in 2 weeks for the anxiety, panic, and OCD. Hoping to stay on the Cymbalta. I was on Lexapro 30mg from 2000-2006. Then switched to Celexa (cost reasons) 60mg from 2007-2008. The Celexa just about costed me my life. It was ineffective for the Depression. Try not to take Celexa for cost reasons, Lexapro shows much more promise in its effectiveness.	Depression and Anxiety
	Without the Voltarin, every step I take makes my joints feel like cracking glass and they ache constantly. This drug greatly reduces that pain throughout the entire day.	I've had total joint replacement in both hips due to effects of osteo arthritis.
	The product took great care of my razor bumps.  If I applied it at night, I was clear by the morning.  I only stopped taking it as the condition itself lessened.	I would apply it to my skin, after washing, either at night (best time), or in the morning.  I would also use a good spf to protect my skin from sun in the day
	"After having this virus for many years I resolved that I was going to look for a possible suppressant. As the medical community acknowledges once you have contacted the virus it will be awaiting an opportunity to break through - especially in times of stress or tiredness. Prior to taking Valtrex I was having a viral herpes attack for about 10 days at a time at least four times a year, sometimes 8 times a year.



Valtrex is an amazing drug!



My experience has been that  if you take a tablet each day you will not transmit the virus to your 

partner provided that you pay attention to the first signs of the virus and abstain from intimate sexual encounters for five days or so or until you can feel or see no more signs of the virus.



To be honest it frustrates me that so many people suffer from this virus but are not informed as to how to treat the problem.



Hope this helps and gives encouragement. For me it has been on par with a miracle.

 

Since taking the drug once daily I have had one only one potential outbreak in the past two and a half  years- at the onset of the potential outbreak I increased the dose to 3  tablets a day twice a day day for four days. This treatment suppressed the outbreak and the symptoms which I felt appeared very slightly and then disappeared within 48 hours."	"1 tablet a day in the morning.

If symptoms beginning 3 tablets three times a day for 5 days or until symptoms have disappeared."
	If I took the Zovirax at the first sign of tingling it would prevent an outbreak.  If I waited I would still get blisters but they would only last 2-3 days.	I take 2 pills first thing and then another 2 before bed.
	resolved UTI.  Symptoms improved rapidly and with 3-4 days, the urge to frequently urinate had completely subsided.	Unknown
	It has totally neutralized the effects of my reflux.	I started getting reflux after I had gall bladder surgery when I was 24. I had tried just about every reflux drug out there, but they either didn't work or had unacceptable side effects. When I first tried Protonix I couldn't believe how normal I felt within a couple days. It works so well for me, I forget I have reflux sometimes. I haven't noticed any issues with foods or coffee since taking it.
	Relpax would take the migraine headache away, including secondary symptoms such as neck aches, jaw pain, and nausea.	Relpax was prescribed on an "as needed" basis for my migraines.  It was taken after the onset of migraine, usually when I realized that it would not go away via conventional over the counter headache medicines.  It starts to take effect at approximately 1-2 hours after I take the pill.  This medicine has been a "life saver" for me.  It allows me to function and go on with important things in my life even when I get a migraine.
	My moods have improved dramatically.  I would wake at least 3 times a night and have difficulty going back to sleep (sleep was always a problem), but now sleep is much better.  Hot flashes were intense and distracting, and have since stopped.  I originally took Premarin which gave me headaches.  The patch and it's consistent delivery has helped immensely to reduce number and severity of headaches.	I originally began using HRT 5 years ago to help with very severe menopausal symptoms.  I had tried all the natural remedies as I was very concerned about taking a medication:  herbs, soy, etc.  I walked 30 miles a week and did yoga, none of which helped.  In desperation I visited my OB GYN who suggested I go on HRT, stating that quality of life needed to be considered.  Shortly, thereafter, the reports initial study was released, and again I spoke to my doctor who said that she thought the results were over inflated.  I switched to estradiol because it's considered more effective, and the patch bypasses the liver with delivery directly through the skin.  I've since weaned myself off several times, only to have the symptoms return.  I'm concerned about latest studies and have thought about weaning myself off again, and then think, "quality of life".
	I had the Accutane treatment in 1997 and the short term results (6 months - 1 years) were fantastic, with the exception that the treatment left a big scar on my face and there is nothing I can do about it. After a year I began to have acne breakouts again. Now, six years later, I am also having breakouts in my back and in new places like my neck, chest, behind my ears and (believe it or not!) some in my belly. When I when back for another opinion, they wanted me to have a second Accutane treatment -- no way! Also, after the treatment I can't live without chapstick... My lips are always very dry. Hope this helps somebody out there! Bea	I had the Accutane treatment in 1997 and the short term results (6 months - 1 years) were fantastic, with the exception that the treatment left a big scar on my face and there is nothing I can do about it. After a year I began to have acne breakouts again. Now, six years later, I am also having breakouts in my back and in new places like my neck, chest, behind my ears and (believe it or not!) some in my belly. When I when back for another opinion, they wanted me to have a second Accutane treatment -- no way! Also, after the treatment I can't live without chapstick... My lips are always very dry. Hope this helps somebody out there! Bea
	Restasis dramatically improved issues related to dry eyes, the primary problems were discomfort (the feeling that something was in my eye) and obvious redness.  Both issues disappeared when I started taking restsis.  There was a short period where I ran out of restasis and stopped, after about a week the dry eye symptoms had reappeared, only to do away when I resumed treatment.	1-2 eye drops twice a day
	Adjusted thyroid levels.	After pregnancy my thyroid levels became too low and my thyroid gland became enlarged. The same problem had affected my mother. Once I got on the medication, my levels became consistant and my thyroid gland returned to a normal size.  Without proper levels of thyroid I have very low energy levels.
	"Subutex is mostly used to help opiate addicts withdrawal more comfortably from opiod drugs such as Vicodin, Oxycodone, and even Heroin. However, I was started on Subutex because my doctor and I were having no luck finding another med that would augment my current depression medications of Effexor XR and Adderall (which were only partially working). My doctor had found research suggesting that Subutex, because it is a partial opiate agonist itself (although much different in its properties compared to what most think of when thinking ""opiate""), binds to one of the opiate receptors in the brain responsible for mood. My doctor has always been on the cutting edge of current research and was extremely open-minded in trying this med with me - and to welcomed relief as well! I have had almost ALL good results from this medication. It has definitely aided in the treatment of my very-treatment-resistent depression. The following are the benefits that I have noticed from taking Subutex:

     1. Quick-acting - because Subutex is sublingual (dissolves under your tongue) it gets into your system immediately and does not have to be processed by your digestive system first.

     2. Gentle effects - I have definitly not experienced any ""highs"". Just a subtle, but noticeable improvement in a feeling of wellbeing.

     3. Also helps somewhat with anxiety by having a calming effect; in normal doses this happens without any tiredness.

     4. Have not noticed ANY of the side effects that I have found with other psychiatric medications such as weight gain/loss, personality changes, sexual effects, etc. Also, in case anyone is worried that Subutex is a ""partial-opiate agonist"", I must emphasize that this med DOES NOT build a tolerance or make you want/need to increase dosage. I have been on this dose for four years without ever even thinking about needing more. HOWEVER!!! You must understand that - as is the case with ALL psychiatric medications - you cannot simply stop taking this medication without tapering your dose first or you will experience withdrawal effects. The one saving grace about Subutex, though, is that it has a very long half-life and will remain in your system long enough to prevent any type of withdrawal even if you miss a day or two of medication."	I take two 8mg tablets in the afternoon by putting them under my tongue and allowing them simply to dissolve. I do this again at night as I get into bed. That's pretty much it!
	It assisted the ibuprofen and cortizone in pain relief.	I have severe tension headaches on a every other day basis.  Occasional swelling in the top of neck. if ibuprofen didnt do the job, fiorinal usually topped it off.  but this medicine alone didnt do much for me. I was prescribed 1 to 2 pills every 6 hours when headaches occurs.
	The drug Levothyroxine 100 mics daily that I took for hypothyroidism was advantagious for my metobolic effect. I did have more energy and felt more alert and awake, as before where I felt lithargic and brain dead.If I inadvertantly skipped a day of medication, I felt like I would notice my sluggishness a few days later.	I have since stopped taking the Levothyroxine 100 mics daily. My provider explained to me since I was still feeling tired was to switch to the brand name Synthroid 100 mics daily. I have noticed a big difference in my energy level and alertness. I can't believe I have gone this long (15 years) feeling tired and out of sorts. I wish now I had been taking the brand name all along. No telling what things I may acomplished.
	when the standard treatment for hypothyroid didn't work to raise my baseline t3 & t4 levels, i continued to experience all of the low thyroid symptomsA:  coldness, lethargic, depression, etc.  by taking cytomel on the 5 x daily basis, i have very close to normal functioning thyroid activity.	I'm not quite sure what you mean.  but my treatment is once a day levoxyl prescription and 5 times a day cytomel prescription.  I have annual blood work and see an endicrinologist now only one time every two years.  although i had seen him initially much more frequently.
	There was a decrease in dryness and discomfort.  I thought there also was a benefit to my mood and outlook.  Additionally my skin was more supple and had better color.  There was no pain associated as before.	once per week applicaton
	After applying the medicament, the itching sensation reduced after 20 minutes and irritation slowly dissapeared after 10 days, The irritation  occasionally re-occurred. I have applied the medicament occasionally (about twice a month) when the irritation re-occured for about oone years. Now the irritation never reappears	I had a irritation on both my feet. I applied the medicament twice a day and when the itchy sensation occurs.
	After about five days the yeast infection symptoms (itchiness, pain) disappeared.	I took the single pill dose of the fluconazole and after about 24 hours the symptoms of the yeast infection started to subside, completely disappearing after about five days.
	The benefits of the treatment were clearing a fungal infection that plaqued me for a few months.	I had to take 3 pills everyday for six weeks to clear up the fungal infection. The treatment was not hard, but it was effective.
	Once a day, sometimes 2 in a 24 hour period depending on the severe headache	I have had migraines since I was 9 years old. Through JR high I would finish a bottle of aspirin in a week and a half. About every 3 or 4 days they were horrible with nausea , cold pack on my head, stay out of the light. About 9 years ago I developed cluster migraines. They last all day, nite for 4-5 months. I was introduced to imitex in 2005. THANK GOD!!!  They have been increasing in cost terribly. I went through sinus aerials, allergy tests, bio feed back. etc. Nothing helped. I thought I would take my life when these clusters started. Not only could I not function but I had to sleep sitting up. Lying dowm made them worse.  I have .  But the imitrex is not working as well and I take aleve with it. Treximet is not strong enough.
	General Medical:  The treatment is for contraception.  I used it for weight control, skin problems and as a contraception, it was very effective for all of it except that when i left the medication I experienced severe hair loss which i was not warned about	Daily dose usually taken at night
	reduction of anxiety, better sleep quality, reduced gi symptoms (stress related)	Initially this drug was prescribed short term for a significant life crisis.  I did not use it much as such, I did not feel short term effects for daytime use.  I did, however, learn that taking 1 mg prior to bed would better the quality of my sleep, stop me from waking up in the middle of the night with anxiety and allow me to sleep longer. Overall, this improvement in sleep quality allowed me to function better in the daytime thus allowing me to deal with the stressors on hand.  I have reduced the dose to .5 mg nightly with the same effects and less morning drowsiness.  I intend to continue to lower the dose until I am off it entirely.  That said, if the sleep disorder/anxiety returns, I will not hesitate to return to using the drug.  Hope this helps someone.
	Ibuprofen generally took away the pain especially when taken early in the onset of the severe headaches.  At times when the pain was already established prior to taking the medication the pain was less effective - sometimes mildly and at other times not at all effective. Ibuprofen in this dose was the medication that best took away the headache pain over any other medication. If it did not work I might try an over-the-counter acetominophin (sp) product.  These were sometimes effective for mild headaches but for the severe headaches if ibuprofen didi not work, generally nothing did.	I get severe headaches about every two or three months that can last for three to four days.  Sometimes the most sever headaches seem to be what I call a combination headache, wherein I may be experiencing the routine headache associated with premenstrual cycle but may also be effected by sinus or seasonal weather/ pressure changes or tension headache.  It seems the hardest to treat is the combination of the premenstrual headache with the sinus headache.  I often took both ibuprofen and an over the counter sinus headache medication with some effectiveness.  There have been a few times when nothing took the headache away all day and I may even vomit just from the pain. Some severe headaches were accompanied by sensitivity to light, noise or even smells.
	Provigil allows for better wakefulness in the daytime which in turn assists in better sleep. It also indirectly boosts mood by allowing some level of function during a chronic illness where things can easily spiral downward.	It was a shot in the arm without any side affects. It is NOT a magic bullet but can provide some relief in a chronic situation.
	elimination of pain in elbow .reduction in general muscle discomfort to rest of body after gym workout.	one 50mg tablet 3 times per day for 1 week. what i did find was that the pain in the elbow did return eventually and i would have to start re treating my self again
	less red spots, helped remove red spots...which were usually worse after hot shower, but I enjoy that so I use the metrogel after that when symptoms are worse and it seems to help. I enjoy  coffee, wine, hot spices, hot showers, really only limit sun exposure and the rosecea seems better. Also in the morning if I notice red spots it seems to help.	rub into red areas 1-2 times a day
	I fractured of my ankle 30 years ago and about 3 years ago I developed arthritis in the same joint (but nowhere else) which was very painful and caused swelling, redness and reduced movement.  I tried all sorts of treatment (aspirin, ibuprofen and a number of recommended natural remedies, the best of which can be said they made things no worse).  I was prescribed naproxen and this has worked really well, so much so that I have thought on a couple of occasions that I have been 'cured', but within a few days of stopping the tablets twinges reappear.	One 500mg tablet twice a day
	I believe that there are multiple treatment benefits of Taking Tylenol for my headache. Tylenol is safe, inexpensive, and does not require a physicians prescription. Additionally, it is available almost everywhere and therefor is convenient.	There are no deatails to report. My headache was gone within 30 minutes.
	For many years, every Spring I would get very troublesome nasal allergy symptoms--tingling,burning, itching, sneezing, etc. After a few days, these symptoms went away. It really surprised me because I had tried many other medicines that didn't work, that also caused severe drowsiness and dry-mouth. Some years my symptoms were so bad that I couldn't go out to a restaurant or movie because I was sneezing so much. Taking this medicine gave me my life back!	One or two squirts of the spray into each nostril once a day during allergy season.
	"For years I was sleep deprived due to working conditions.  Rarely would I enjoy the luxury of a full night sleep. Typically I would take hours to get to sleep and had extreme difficulty remaining asleep. Dreams were too realistic and often I would be more tired in the morning than upon retiring to bed. Taking Lunesta has allowed me not only to get to sleep but return to sleep.  If I wake in the middle of the night, for example to go to the bathroom, I am awake and not stumbling. The vivid dreams are gone and I have experienced no groggy or hungover symptoms that you sometimes hear of when taking sleep medication. 

It has truly changed my life and I am so grateful for my Dr. for his prescription."	One tablet, taken each night when I was already in bed and ready for sleep.
	prevented 90% of tachycardia incidents. when tachycardia did occur it was less dramatic	Take twice daily as a preventative measure.  If my life is very calm I have reduced it to one a day
	My ovulation cycle was regulated, however I did not get pregnant.  I am continuing to take it this month.	I had been off birth-control for a year & hadn't gotten pregnant so my OB/GYN recommended I take this drug to regulate my ovulation.
	It lowered my cholesteral considerably.  My total cholesteral was over 300 and my LDLs were over 200, but after being on Lipitor for three months, my total cholesteral is now 186 and my LDL is 86, so I am in good shape.  In addition, I have experienced  whatsoever, so I am pleased.  The only drawback is that it does not come in generic form, so my co-pay is $40.00 per month.	I take 10 mg of Lipitor daily and get a liver function test every three months.  So far, this has been fine, but I will need to be tested continually as long as I take Lipitor.  I don't mind this, as the benefit of having a healthy cholesteral level is more important to me than any hassle of getting tested.  If at some point my liver function appears to be unhealthy, I'm guessing my doctor will have to reevaluate my situation, but for now, it's fine.
	All but stopped my hair loss.  After a couple of months I noticed that i had virtually no hair in my hands after washing it as opposed to 25-30 hairs before... also no more hair on my pillow, whereas before is was quite obvious it was falling out. Visually there is no more loss.  I don't know if it is growing back, but as long as it stays i'm cool...	one a day.... rarely miss a day...  like some people, I dont like taking a pill everyday, but...  but 2 dollars a day to keep your hair... definitely worth it!
	cost savings and more control versus combo of Levoxyl and Cytomel.  Without insurance, I got my doctor to write a year's worth Rx and ordered in from Canada.	ongoing medication, helps get circulating T3 into my system, boosts metabolism and energy, makes me fee normal.
	This works EVERY time I get a cold sore. Stops the cold sore in it's tracks, immediately!!! Took one at first sign of tingling. Now that I have a prescription, I rarely get them anymore.	Take two 1 gram tablets at first sign of cold sore, take 2 more 12 hours later. That's it... cold sore is completely gone!
	medication allowed the patient to relax and helped reduced pain in legs. This resulted in reduction of Restless Legs Syndrome and also allowed the patient to have a good nights sleep. Minimal soreness in legs next morning.	Take 5 mg valium between half hour and hour before retiring for the night. Only use when leag pain is going to disrupt sleep.
	I can eat and drink more normally without as much acid reflux and vomitting.  My condition results in slow digestion and intollerance of some foods.  With prevacid, I eat small amounts and avoid irritants.  I have had refluz episodes in my sleep.  With religious use of prevacid, this rarely occurs.  I can eat a larger variety of foods. It has made a positive difference in my quality of life.	I have tried every prescription medication for acid in stomach and had gall bladder removed.  I have modified my diet and avoid irritating foods and drinks.  With prevacid twice daily (normal dosage is once daily) I can eat and drink with less nausea.  Without it, my diet would have to be clear liquids and pulverized solids.  It has made a tremendous positive difference.  I do not want to stop taking it unless something better is approved.  It is not a treatment for the paresis.  Reglan is the only FDA approved prescription drug for my condition that I am aware of.  I cannot use it without horrible side effects.
	I am now wide awake--for the first time in YEARS!!!  My body aches have lessened greatly.  I am alert.  I can keep up with the housework.  I have a better memory, concentration, and overall mood.  I have regained my creativity.  My appetite/desire to overeat has decreased, though I still have an appetite.  I just eat like a normal person, now.  I don't suffer from emotional or boredom eating.  I am steadily losing weight--8 lbs. so far.  I also have the energy and desire to exercise, something that I couldn't do before.  I feel like someone handed me my life back!	"Synthroid--50 mcg. + Liothyronine--25 mcg., both daily, around 11 P.M.

+

magnesium--400 mg. + Vitamin D3 (alternating between 2000 mg. and 4000 mg.), daily   (My body's not absorbing the Vit. D3 very well--will get rechecked in a week.)



Have these levels checked by your doctor.  90% of people are deficient in Vitamin D and low in magnesium.  These are essential to your body's wellness."
	I sufffered from dibilatating panic attacks, but they only lasted 15-20 minutes max. I was taking klonopin every once and awhile which helped a little, but by the time the klonopin kicked in the attack was over. It got to where I had an attack at least every other day. The Citalopram kicked in in about 2 weeks and I've had only 1 episode since, granted I've only been on it for 2 months but it has worked wonders for me.	20 mgs. once a day.
	To lessen the severity of an onset or outbreak of genital herpes.	I started taking the medication at the first signs of an outbreak (usually a brief sharp pain at the site). The medication seemed to shorten the actual outbreak time and lessened the pain and discomfort.
	WOW. I find this drug to be a powerful cocaine antagonist and nicotine antagonist.	I took this drug with the intentions of quitting smoking. I also however, discovered on accident that this drug just about completely blocked the euphoric effects of cocaine and then subsequently blocked the "crash". All that would be experienced was a racy heart and undesirable "too much caffeine" feeling with nausea. This drug has a SERIOUSLY powerful effect on the euphoric of stimulants and needs to immediately be put into treatment plans for stimulant abuse. For Its indications, nicotine, It definately does its job here too my cravings for nicotine are pretty much extinguished though there still seems to be slight reward in an occasional cigarette, just goes to show how much I feel this drug stabilized my ADHD downsides such as deficient dopamine function in my brain. It worked better than bupropion. I understand Chantix has some issues with side effects but hopefully they will work those kinks out because this really looks to be a miracle drug.
	It was a cream base that was easy to apply, twice a day.  It seemed to help with an allergic skin rash due to detergent irritation.  It was not as strong as a higher dosage cortisone cream, but it was still effective.  There were  of note.  The cost was higher than over the counter preparations.  All in all, it was a good choice for stubborn skin irritation issues.	Apply thin layer twice per day.   Non oily, cream based formula.
	Reduced acid production to normal levels.	The secret of taking proton pump inhibitors and H2 receptor inhibitors lies in finding the right dosage and the right time of day to take it. Zoton Fast Tabs are tablets which dissolve on the tongue and can be broken to alter the dosage. I found that half my prescribed dosage of 30 mgs/day was enough for me and so break the tablet in two.
	my urination problems (urgency , frequency , etc ) practically disappeared and I no longer had get off my bed to urinate several times during the night	I took one pill a day every evening with a glass of water after dinner .The treatment was supervised by a proctologist
	Honestly I have felt no change in my symptoms. If anything it feels as if they are getting worse. I constantly am getting sever headaches and my symptoms have not alleviated. I have not experienced any type of symptoms. I am also extremly tense to where the tendons in my neck do no sit flat.	1x a day with food & milk
	Absolutely no benefits, did not seem to get better even in a week.  Through research I learned that penicillin does not treat a virus and that a virus must run its course.  No idea why my doctor precribed Penicillin.  Would rather he had been on the up and up about it instead of precribing a worthless treatment.	Doctor diagnosed me with Viral Bronchitis after and xray.  He then prescribed Penicillin to treat it.  Worthless treatment, since Penicillin is totally ineffective to fight a virus.
	The trimethobenzamide significantly reduced nausea and brought it down to a perceptible but comfortable level.	After being diagnosed with temporary vertigo, I was given prescriptions for this plus Meclizine for dizziness. The two combined brought the vertigo completely under control. There were . I took the medication as originally prescribed for two days and then, at my doctor's suggestion, reduced the amount to as-needed. The trimethobenzamide made it possible to eat normally, with no uncomfortable feelings of nausea.
	If drug is taken at very first sign/symptom of cold sore, the drug will elliminate it within that day. If the cold sore has fully surfaced it will still help to speed healing (usually within a week). This medication is not a cure for cold sores.	When you first feel a cold sore coming on take 4 pills with water, wait 10 to 12 hrs and then take another 4 pills. I have heard of people taking a daily maintenace dose that should ensure you never see a break out of blisters appearing, however, if not on a drug program, this would be very expensive, and depending on how many times you tend to break out, probably not necessary.
	Had to take a thyroid replacement, so it did that, but not as well as I would have expected.	Synthroid was prescribed as thyroid replacment hormone after total Thyroidectomy due to nodules, etc from Graves disease.  Was determined that 75 mcg was the correct dose.  However after 2 years of taking Synthroid and endocrinologist unwilling to try alternative medication, I found another doctor who did some additional testing.  She found that I was low in Free t3 & t4 and the prescribed Armour thyroid.  I feel much better on this thyroid replacement than I did using Synthroid.
	This medication completely erased symptoms of the hives.  The first time that I took the medication the hives were already 2 days old, therefore, it took about 2 days for them to clear up. Now, if I ever feel the itch or see the blotchiness I can take one dose of this medicine and the hives do not progress and they are clear within one day.	Take 2 tablets once per day.
	It cleared up my nasal allergies, my stuffy nose, post nasal drip and as an added benefit it also helped prevent getting hoarse.	I would use as directed for the first few weeks, then cut the dose in half for maintenance.  It take about a day and a half to start working and about 3 days to work fully.
	Although this is not available in generic, I am using the generic versions of alphagan and betagan in conjunction with this drug. Each drug was used independently to determine side effects before they were combined for treatment. (This was a many visit process! But the results have made it was worth it) This combination lowered my intraoccular pressure to the point that it was not necessary to have surgery - my next step since other combinations did not work.	In conjunction with the above mentioned drops, I have had consistently lowered pressure with .
	Not as tired, thicker hair, not gaining weight as easily	Once daily in the am
	I had two arthroscopic surgeries to my right knee with little relief or benefit from the surgery. I was prescribed Ambien 10mg at bedtime as needed to help me sleep. On the nights I didn't take the medicine, I woke up all through the night. With the medicine, I slept well and soundly.	Post surgery to my right knee I was in considerable pain, and suffered insomnia because of it. Ambien 10mg was prescribed as needed at bedtime. I took it nightly for the first 3 nights post surgery. On the 4th night, I didn't take it, and woke up all through the night. All in all I took the Ambien a total of 7 out of the first 10 days following the surgery. It helped me to sleep very soundly and the pain didn't interupt my sleep. I had no ill effects from it at all. I still have the remaining 20 tablets that were prescribed one year ago.
	increased synaptic dopamine levels. This gave me an amazing sense of wellbeing and clarity.	I'm a healthy 36 year old with no medical conditions. I use Selegiline (L-deprenyl) purely to optimise my health and fortunately use a loop hole to import the drug into the country which does not have restriction importation for personal use
	the benifits of the treatment were that it stopped the pain. i could sleep at night. i could eat food that i could not eat before. because i was not in consent pain i could get on with my life	tablet twice a day
	This cream was very beneficial for the treatment of acne and some blemishes.  I had many pimples around my mouth after getting waxied there and nothing was helping.  Further as soon as one pimple went away another formed.  This cream began to work within several days.  I could tell that the pimples were getting lighter and new pimples that were forming would hardly enlarge because I applied the cream as soon as I saw a new one forming, many of them disappeared without even leaving a blemish affterwards.	The treatment was very simple.  At night (and only at night!) I cleaned my face with a mild cleanser or atleast with water and did not apply any other medication before hand.  Afterwards I simply dabbed a very small, thin layer of the cream over the pimple and allowed the cream to dry and then went to sleep.  In the morning I made sure to wash off the cream before going outside.  For very sensitive skin the area may turn red but this is temporary and simply means that instead of applying each day one must use it every other day.
	Small pill easy to take.  Easy to pack in a travel pack in an alternate pill case without taking the entire bottle.	Apparently, this will be long-term treatment.  My doctor and I had several conversations over high blood pressure.  Though I have increased my exercise routines, there is not a positive impact on my blood pressure.  After 1 month on Norvasc, my blood pressure was within the normal range.
	Wellbutrin and Prozac stabilized my moods and kept me from slipping into depression. There really wasn't anything more to it, but I gather I have to write 50 words, so here they are.	I'm not sure I understand the question. This was pretty simple - I had a tendency to slip into deep depressions without medication. The drugs prevented that without side effects.
	Remeron (mertazapine) was a god send for me. I had chronic insomnia with sleep deprivation for 12 years and tried to treat it with OTC drugs. It appeared one night, not slowly over time. I tried several meds without success before my doctor suggested Remeron. It took a few weeks to take effect but it has been 100% successful for about 17 years now. I used to take up to 45 mg. at bedtime but have ratcheted it down to 15 mg. over the years. If I miss one dose I know it. Falling asleep is no problem. My problem is staying asleep for more than 2 or 3 hours night after night after night. . . Not fun.	Take about 1/2 hour before bedtime.
	regulated bladder control to allow patient (me) to return to a regular life and not have to modify all movements by where the nearest bathroon is located.	Single capsule taken in morning.
	decreased inflammation of cervical spinal column, increased motion of cervical spinal column, decreased pain in other joints, decrease in neck pain, etc.	I consider this drug a wonder drug without side effects. This drug had  with me, or at least, none detectable.
	It really help me to cope with the anxiety	Had to take one when not feeling good. Or if anxiety issue to go to the doctor, take one, one hour prior apt
	Benefits were intended to be no facial acne	Was to be applied externally to the affected area every night at bedtime afer washing.
	singulair dramatically reduced coughing spells and allergy symptoms, but if just one treatment was missed the allergy symptoms reaccured.	Take one 20 mg tablet each night before bedtime.
	significant supression of allergy symptoms with the exception of the eyes.	In a very allergenic location the previous week I had suffered very bad allergies, watery, itchy eyes, itchy face and inner ears, intense bouts of sneezing, running sinuses. With the combination of flonase and zyrtec the symptoms were eliminated with the exception of watery eyes.
	I was experiencing a lot of hot flashes and I think they have subsided in frequency, duration and intensity since starting to take the Lexapro.	I take one tablet each morning.  I have been on this treatment for one month.
	I was prescribed Prempro by my OB/GYN for hot flashes. I took one pill a day for over a year. I wento off the Prempro for 3 months and the hot flashes came back, seemed worse than before. I am now back on and have taken 4 days, hot flashes are beginning to get better and hopefully will completely disappear soon!	Prempro is a wonder pill for hot flashes and I will never stop taking it again!
	Relief and cure of UTI	1 pill 2x day for 7 days.
	migraine pain relieved in 1 - 2 hours and lasted for 24 hours with 1 tablet	1 tablet at first signs of headache
	treatment benefits include migrain pain subsiding in about 20 minutes.  No lingering fuzziness from taking this medication.  Did not make me sleepy. If migrain pain appeared hours later another dose taken.  This drug is especially handy for anyone with pre-menstural migrain headaches	I take one tablet at the onset of of any migrain.  After taking the tablet in about 20 minutes depending upon how fast I got to the pain.  The medication started to work and within about 20 minutes the headache was all but forgotten.  This is a safe great medication for anyone who suffers from migrain pain
	much lower cholesterol	Within 4 weeks of starting Crestor, my LDL cholesterol went from 169 to 65. That is drop of over 100!  at all.
	lowered lipid levesl	none
	"Hello all !

Through the past two years I was diagnosed with Shuermann's Kyphosis, a degenerative back disease in the lower spinal column. Throughout the past two years I have been on and off intensive narcotic pain killers, Ie. Vicodin ES,Percocet,MS Contin etc.. I knew enough was enough, so like that I stopped taking them. I have  whatsoever. I have been through and still ongoing physical therapy ( 4th session 1 session is 3 weeks ) and been too four Orthopedic doctors and spinal specialists. My doctor and I discussed a long term pain application to get me off taking narcotics. I am no pro, but I know that opiates are the best for bad chronic pain, which i experience every day in my life. My doctor and I talked about Cymbalta which can be used to tone down the pain level sensors in the brain so I am not experiencing so much pain. I also have high levels of depression, and anxiety. Recently my Aunt and Uncle passed away which they practically raised me when I was born in Ireland, and my Sister's deaths was even more of a add on. I felt myself slipping into a deep black hole, and was looking for cheap thrills just to keep myself from going crazy ( literally ). Anyways, it has been my third day on this prescription, and I feel like a new person. I find myself enjoying simplistic things, and taking initiative in my life to pursue my goals and education. I am currently unemployed and as a young adult it is very hard to maintain money flow with no job. I am enrolled and taking college courses which I have 2 more semesters left before I receive my degree. In one of my classes (Chemistry) We are assigned a Science experiment. Mine, will be for depression and pain levels which will I am using Cymbalta. I recorded myself for two weeks, and then the first day after each dose of the drug. I am feeling alive, and that classical person everyone enjoys being around. I have read a lot about this drug and how it fails or makes situations worse. But for me it is working, and I am consistent in my daily routine. I shall continue to document all of my feelings and side effects from this prescription."	1 pill (30mg) Per day, in the morning.
	had been converned abvout hair loss for several years (i think when i stopped taking birth control pills!)  so thought it was hormonal.   Hormones didn't help.   The armour did reduce hair loss	had tried bio identical hormones to help (testosterone, estradiaol then estrone) with the hait loss but it didn't seem to work.  I still beleive in bio identical hormones though.
	I do still see reduction in the papules but the redness is still there. In fact, I am wondering if I am developing an immunity because the redness seems to be worsening. Also my skin seems to be getting more sensitive n general.	250 mgs twice a day on an empty stomach for reduction of redness and papules of rosacea.
	I could breathe, and if I took it before exercise, I wouldn't need it during.	I have been taking albuterol for years. I take it when I feel tight in my chest as well as before exercising. I rarely use it, whereas I used to nee dit almost every day. Now... once every month or two, unless I'm exercising.
	controls asthma by controling my allergies.  The allergies subsided and my ashtma does not kick in I have allergic onset asthma , typically caused by pert dander or huge climate changes .  Like going from the South texas area where I live to Oklahoma in the winter when its cold there	once a day dosage
	The drug was to prevent further infections which were starting to scar the kidneys. After taking the drug my daughter did not have any more infections. it was a low level dose and did not seem to affect her in any way e.g causing digestive problems.	I  5ml spoon was to be taken in the morning and evening
	The viral load count was reduced from millions to less than a hundred within 9 months. Though the virus cannot be completely removed, reduction in number helped my physiological health in addition to the physical. I've been continuing taking the drugs, and would likely continue until 2 years.	Daily intake of 1mg tab. Viral load check every 3 months together with ALT, AST and complete blood count.
	Extreme urticaria (hives) on forearms and mild (hives) on face and legs were near completely cured with the Zantac.	I had horrible rashes on my forearms, the right one especially, that were extremely itchy. I tried topical anti-itch creams and put ice on it to soothe the itching but nothing relieved my symptoms more than slightly. I thought it would eventually go away by itself. After suffering for 4 or 5 weeks I went to my doctor. He took 1 look at my arms and said I had hives. Probably due to seasonal allergies. He wrote a prescription for Zantac and sent me on my way. Within the 1st day of taking the medication my hives were less than half than they'd been. Within a week they were nearly gone.
	Completely cleared resistant adult cystic acne that had not responded to any topical meds or to Accutane.	Fifteen years of dermatologists, peels, topicals, Accutane, and nothing had cleared my cystic acne and constant breakouts, though a few treatments lessened the severity. Flutamide 125mg b.i.d. took one month to take effect, and within 6 weeks completely cleared ongoing resistant acne that had lasted more than 20 years and was worsening in my late 30s. AFter one year, we tried weaning off the drug. The results lasted for about 5 months, before the acne gradually returned. Went back on flutamide, and a month later the acne had left. We are now trying to see if a lesser maintenance dose is possible.
	Increased alertness  throughout the day with increased sleep quality. I still have to take naps in my car on some days, but overall this medicine is working great for me.	Diagnosed through sleep study with primary hypersomnia; sleep Dr. suggested Provigil instead of Ritalin. Has worked wonderfully.
	reduced acne	applied topically once daily
	Blood pressure numbers decreased significantly. Had headaches in the past, most likely due to high blood pressure - no longer having any problems with headaches.	I take one pill per day and have been for the past five years. I am now following a new eating and exercise plan and have lost weight, so I may not have to continue with this medicine in the future.
	"Hair came back from a thinning status and a visible scalp through the hair to a much thicker condition with little visible scalp through the hair..

confidence back. i no longer look older than i feel and think my overall esteem has been improved"	"The cost of the Proscar tablets was around $100 dollars Australian and came in 5mg tablet sizes that each needed to be cut into quarters for the daily dosage of around 1mg.



took the tablets every morning around 8am once a day."
	The Ibuprofen helped relieve pain and swelling from the sprained ankle. It lowered the amount of time it took to heal the ankle and also provided lasting relief from discomfort caused by swelling and pain. Swelling was substantially lowered after a week period and steps were taken to allow the ankle to regain flexibility due to subsiding of pain.	Three two-hundred milligram tablets of Ibuprofen were taken for two weeks daily. The sprained-ankle caused substantial pain, discomfort and swelling. In order to begin the healing process and rehabilitation of the ankle's flexibility, Ibuprofen was taken. Ibuprofen allowed the lessening of swelling and also resulted in a subsiding of pain and thus a faster healing process. Side-effects were low and insignificant though there might be effects if taken in the long term.
	lower blood pressure in combination with Hyzaar	Taken once daily in combination with Hyzaar. My condition apparently responded best to the two medications.  However, my doctor said that recent discussions have gone against taking the two classes of antihypertensives so I am now on an increased dose of Hyzaar.
	I first tried ibuprofen 800 mg with very little results other than upset stomach between epidural treatments (3) i	naproxen 3 times a day for one week any time sciatica flares
	The hair loss stopped in 2 weeks, I am almost even sure that I have growth again on the area where I lost hairs. The effect were visble really quickly and I do not see any sort side effects as of now.	One pill a day, but the problem is the price, it's not cheap otherwise it seems to be a real miracle pill for this problem.
	I have a bad case of Crohn's disease.  Mine is fibrostenotic crohn's.  I had a stricture that was causing my pain, but severe bathroom visits.  The stricture was fixed with surgery.  The frequency of the bathroom visits is lessend with Remicade.  It helps within 1 to 1 1/2 weeks.  The only bad thing is that I find myself needing it desparately at 7 weeks.  I suffer for 2 weeks then until I can get it and let it start working again.	It takes 10 minutes to get registered.  Another 30 minutes to get my IV started and my medicine ordered and brought up.  Then it takes about 2 1/2 hours to infuse.
	recoverd from loose motions. nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks	Cepodem for 5 days. nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks
	Primarily, my son was much better able to focus, control his impulsivity and, as a result, did better in school.  Our house became a much more peaceful place once he was better able to control his temper, which largely came from his frustration in knowing he was not doing as well as he could.	We were initially reluctant to treat an otherwise healthy boy for what some describe as "boy" behavior, but he was increasingly frustrated with his inability to get along with siblings and classmates.  However, seeing now how much it has helped him - without making him into a different person -- we're glad we did.
	Marked reduction in redness & flushing and complete elimination of pustules.  Ease of use over creams, etc.	1 pill every morning at least one hour before eating.  Topical medications were a hassle to use consistently, were seldom "cosmetically elegant", and did very little to keep symptoms from escalating.  Dermatologist prescribed Oracea when it became obvious the the topicals were never going to control the pustules.  Oracea cleared it up in a couple of weeks and gave consistent results throughout treatment - Rosacea was practically forgotten about - with .  Several months after discontinuing use, pustles have returned but are nothing like before treatment and are manageable with OTC topicals.  Expensive but Oracea does offer discounts worth looking into.
	The treatment benefits were marginal at best.  Mood neither improved nor deteriorated, and anxiety was never significantly alleviated.  Unsurprisingly, recent research suggests that SSRIs are only effective in the most severe of cases.	The pills are administered once a day, daily, for as long as you think it's worth taking them.  The prescribing physician recommended taking Lexapro for at least six months to get the full benefit of its normalizing effects.
	"I landed in a West African hospital with my insides coming out and suffering from the worst stomach pain as a result of (probably) eating bad food. I vomited for 12 hours until I got the drip and then I was okay for the next couple days in the hospital (although the stomach pains remained).



Cipro is also the god of beating Urinary tract infections: I've taken both a 3 and 5 day course, and its been effective instantly."	For UTI, take one every 12 hours for prescribed number of days. (And finish the whole course!)
	Treatment cleared the complexion from acne breakout and eliminated the redness/residual under the skin.  This drug had an almost immediate effect on the facial and back areas of the patient.  If the patient stopped taking the minocycline, the acne almost immediately returned.  It kept the bacteria at bay while on the medication.	Take 1 tablet by mouth 2x day or after 6 weeks, reduce dosage to 1xday.  Patient required the 2xdaily dosage for the duration to keep the acne manageable.  When tried to go to a lesser dosage, the acne breakouts returned.
	The bone mass in my spine improved.   One hip was stable and one had lower bone density	I took the fosamax with 8 oz. of water and walked around for an hour.The first couple of years I did not take calcium supplements.  Then I did.  Since I do not think the results were really an improvemrnt, Now I am taking a calcium supplement with vitamin D and magnesium and a fairly new drug called foseum which is suppose to be entirely natural like an herb, but more expensive than fosamax that must be taken twice a day.
	getting rid of plaque and the redness and itchiness and the ugly sight of it. being able to wear short sleeve shirts in the summer	just the application
	Since I've started the treatment, my tension has stabilized. I've monitored it quite frequently after beginning the treatment to see assess the progress. It seems to also have an impact on my ability to maintain a lower blood pressure than before during physical activities.	My doctor has prescribed one tablet daily as an ongoing treatment.
	TSH went up to 51 when put on low dose of natural thyroid. Doing better on synthroid rather than generic brand.  Still have fatigue, memory, weight loss problems.  I believe there are things that the blood tests do not show. Not freezing anymore.	I take my med each morning on an empty stomach and told not to take food for 1 hr. and calcium supplement not for 3 hrs. I take 1/2 of a pill on Sundays.
	This works very well for mild to moderate pain, usually caused by over-exertion, and charaterized by muscle soreness, spasms, cramps, tightness	I just use this off and on for anytime i have pain and spasms most generally associated with over - exertion
	My hair loss that I was experiencing stopped completely in it's tracks, and I actually grew back some hair at the crown of my head.  Every individual to whom I've recommended the drug has had at least their hair loss stop.  I'm a complete cynic and consider this a wonder drug. Once you start taking it (and if you continue to take it for the rest of your life- hey, that's science, man) you will keep all the hair you have from that moment on.	You have to have a doctor's prescription, but to avoid the annoyance and price of a doctor's visit you can go to several websites that allow you to pay an extra fee, fill out a questionaire and then have a doctor who is on their payroll give you the prescription. That is okay because really if you're having hair loss and you know you are, why do you need a dermatolagist to tell you- "yeah, you're losing your hair"? It's an idiotic rule that makes this a controlled drug.  Anyway you take one pill a day- that's it, with or without meals.
	"The oral disintegrating formulation of zofran is very easy to take, especially

in cases of severe nausea."	You take one pill to dissolve on the tongue every 6 to 8 hours as needed for nausea and vomiting. This drug used to be used for chemotherapy patients, but now is more widely available for others. For gastroenteritis, it is very helpful for comfort and maintaining hydration.
	The medicine was taken to prevent infection since a hole was drilled to drain the gathered blood and release pressure on my nail bed.  As a result, I am in the process of regrowing a healthy nail.	I was prescribed Augmentin at 875mg to be taken twice a day for 10 days in order to fend off infection in my nail bed.  Meanwhile,I used topical iodine and hydrogen peroxide to clean the wound several times a day and applied new bandages at each cleaning.  Once the swelling and pain subsided and growth of a new nail was evident, I trimmed away what I could of the damaged nail to allow the new one space to grow and to aid in keeping the wound clean.
	better mood, loss of appetite,weight reduction. Lost 14lbs. in 2 months.	10 mg daily for 2 months and then 15 mg daily for 1 month.  After 3 months I did not see any changes.  So reap the benefits at first.  If your really chnage your lifestyle as you take meridia you will have great results.
	Fingers didn't turn white for as long or as often as they used to.  However, my fingers are still a shade of blue, and hands are still cold.  My face still changes colors throughout the day, from pale, to blue, to red.  It helped, but not enough.  The doctor has prescribed 30mg Nifedipine to see if that works better.	See above.
	"continuation of hormone replacement after stopping birth control pills

No hot flashes or night sweats."	Oral dose taken in the morning and evening. Tried the estrogen patch, but did not like the sticky 'bandaid' on my skin.It would get sticky on the edges and be a magnet for clothes fibers.
	Cured ingrown toenails, straighter growing nails, whiter, clearer nails.	One pill was taken with a meal daily, at the same time every day, for seven days every other month. The terinbafine was used in conjunction with applying Nonyx nail gel twice a day.  A thin coating of the nail gel was applied to the entire nail and underneath the nail wherever possible twice a day.  The nails were filed down with an emery board on a weekly basis to scratch up the surface to better allow the nail gel to penetrate.  The underneath of the nails were scraped clean as much as possible on a daily basis.  By the end of the first month ingrown toenail pain was gone.  By the end of the second month, all toenails were noticably less yellow.  By the sixth month, toenails are more than half clear & white, with only the top halves needing to grow out and still showing some yellowness and thickness and curving growth.  Blood tests were taken every other month to ensure no kidney damage occuring from the terbinafine.
	I felt the cream was helpful.  Once the intitial effects were seen, they seemed to level out.  I used the cream nightly as I did not wear it during the day.  My skin felt smooth and soft after the first week.	I went to doctor to find out how to improve skin condition and rejuvenate skin from sun damage.  After a long questionaire and exam, she prescribed retin-A.
	This ia a life altering medication for me.  I get occaisional migraines due to hormonal changes, allergy and weather changes.  This medication stops a severe headache and it rarely returns.  It works within about an hour.  It stops a migraine that may last for two days at times.  I am not a big fan of taking medications but this one is a miracle drug.	I take this medication at the onset of a migraine or severe headache.  It works 99% of the time.  Rarely I have to take a second dose (as instructed) if the headache does not subside but this is very rare.  It was prescribed for menstrual migraine but works for other causes of headache as well.
	both seem to work well but looking for something over the counter that helps sleeping so i dont have to take the prescription med. to sleep. it is too expensive. it also would  take a hour or so for it to work. then if i woke up later i had to take another one to go back to sleep. so i am trying to find a good over the counter sleep medicine to take instead.	take one to two tablets at bedtime
	Most of the pain was alleviated even though I continued to run daily.    Some returned when I stopped the drug.	I took the celebrex once a day for a month and am now doing PT for the achilles tendonitis.   The only reason for stopping the drug was out of concern for long term side effects (kidney eg).
	"completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.

completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.

completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc."	"once daily

completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.

completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.

completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc."
	I have a long history in taking anti-depressant drugs.  It started in high school with prozac and desipramine, neither of which I have anything positive to report.  In college, after a dangerous stint without treatment, it resumed with luvox, and  later it was effexor.  Finally, after the scariest bout of all, leading to a stay in the hospital, they put me on wellbutrin.  Combined with rigorous therapy, dbt (dialectical behavioral therapy) groups, and much personal work, I got my head above water.  I was able to work, eat well and exercise regularly, but many of the symptoms were still there.  I thought that was the extent of what an anti-depressant could do for me, the rest of the work was up to me and maybe in about 20 years I might be able to feel happiness.  Since then I went off wellbutrin during a cross-country move, was part of a study for treatment resistant depression where it was recommended I try cymbalta.  I feel the cymbalta has actually influenced my negative thinking and given me more energy.  So now I know that an anti-depressant can potentially create better results than just keeping ones head above water.	Once a month I see a psychiatrist, although I am "in between" doctors right now because my previous one left as they always seem to do.  I have been without a therapist for a while now, wanting to take a break from the time and monetary commitment  that therapy demands.  I am  beginning to think that now is a good time to go back to it.  I consider the jogging, yoga, healthy eating and vitamins I take to be a part of my treatment.
	none	i went to my doctor because i was getting only 4 hours of sleep a night for the past 6 days, so he gives me one pill, yes that's right just one 10mg pill. anyways i took it at 10pm and its now 4:30 in the morning and i still cant sleep which is why im here to review this. and i have to been into work by 6am aaaaarrrgh!
	None YET	I was diagnosed with a fungal infection of the beard (or Tinea Barbae). It is a form of follicular infection caused by a fungus of the hair follicle. My derm cultured some of the dead skin cells and in the mean time while the results are pending, put me on Griseofulvin because my symptomns were positive for fungal (a bacterial culture was also administered and was ruled negative). This is a similar treatment for cases of Ringworm of the skin or scalp. Griseofulvin has poor absorption unless taken with a fatty meal. I take (1) 500 mg tablet a day for 4 weeks until I have my next check up. I just completed week 2 and have seen NO signs of improvement.
	Zithromax quickly improved my bacterial sinus infection and allowed me to keep my travel plans for day 2 of treatment.  It worked amazingly fast in alleviating my symptoms.	I took 2 pills on the 1st day, then 1 pill each day for the following 3 days.
	"my experience with zyprexa has been very positive. it really saved my life.

i am able to think very clearly now."	i became very depressed in 1986 and very suicidal then, experiened a mixed state. iwas very sick for the next 2 years and very angry. for some reason of its own the illness went into total remission. i had a relapse in 1991 and spent 3 months in a state hospital. i was on stelazine then prolixin i developed td and tried on risperddal it was ineffective. in 1997 i was put on zyprexa it kept me out of the hospital for 13 years all i can say is that zy prexa has made me feel so alive.
	Increase in energy, immediate weight loss.	I had long complained of fatigue, listlessness, disinterest.  I exhibited classic symptoms of hypo-thyroid, but did not check out as such in the standard blood test.  A new doctor understands that not every person will fall within "standard" test results.  God bless her.  The results were rapid and positive with an increase in energy, loss of about 10 pounds of excess weight.
	Nocturnal myoclonus (similar to restless leg syndrome) causes severe jerking of the legs every 15 seconds for up to 7 hours. Lisinopril allowed both myself and my partner to sleep at night. Somehow, the drug works without the adverse effects the other sleeping pills, neuro transmiter pills and anti-depressants had.	Though it is a blood pressure medication, I have never had high blood pressure. I have taken Xanax, Ativan, Clonipin, and many other medications to allow me to sleep, but did not stop the nocturnal myoclonus(similar to restless leg syndrome). This meant I did not remain awake to experience the effects, but my partners did get kicked violently, kept awake with my movements and dirupted sleep. Though it is not known by many doctors, the research was down many years ago on this treatment by a VA doctor while in medical school in the 70s. It has been effective for so many years when I went 15 years without getting acceptable relief.
	Blood sugar levels returned to within normal limits.  The risk of having to become insulin dependent for my diabetes was decreased.	Besides taking this drug my treatment regime also included diet change limiting carbohydrates, increasing fiber, and portion control.  I increased my activity level by using a treadmill daily.  This combination resulted in not only regulating my blood sugar levels, but also a weight loss of 20 pounds.
	Very effective in treating wrinkles by relaxing muscles - highly recommend by trained professional.  No down time, immediate results.  Very pleased with the outcome.	Injections in local area: 20 - 30 units per treatmentat 6 - 8 mth intervals.  Always administered by qualified professional.  Expensive, but well worth it.
	Increased interest and enthusiasm in activities.	Diagnosed with Adult ADD, I first took Ritalin. I found this to cause some 'nervousness' and to have peaks & valleys. I switched to Adderall XR and find I notice no physical symptoms, only an increase in positive mood and desire to accomplish the days work. The effect does seem to peak soon after the dose, slowly level out, and at about 6-8 hrs. after initial dose, I feel calm but now enthusiastic as earlier in the day.
	It worked great! I would not be nauseated at all and could eat and have energy all day.	I took in the am when nauseated, I would take again if needed but after a while it worked all day for me.  I took as little as possible as I am not a big pill taker
	lowered blood pressure to within normal limits	took one 5mg tablet daily in the am
	Benefits: Patch applied 1x weekly assured consistent delivery of dosage. No skin irritation reported by patient but recommended that site used be rotated weekly. Patch can come off if not applied correctly to clean dry skin - no lotions or creams s/b present. May not be metabolized through liver as much as oral estrogen - advantage.	Patch is applied 1x weekly. Treatment continued to alleviate hot flashes. Original dosage was higher and company has come out with smaller dosages. Patient can be slowly "weaned" to smaller dosages until no longer needed.
	reduced blood pressure to within acceptable limits. replaced previous drug (ACE inhibitor) with undesirable side effects.	one tablet daily, in the morning.
	improved range of motion, pain relief and decreased soreness	My family doctor prescribed naproxen for continued inflamation and soreness after I had completed a 3 month period of physical therapy for my separated shoulder.  I had been using ibuprofen and/or tylenol and my discomfort had continued unabatted.  I was given a prescription for naproxen, 375mg, to be taken as needed twice daily.  I had been having trouble sleeping due to the soreness and discomfort in my shoulder.  The first night I took naproxen, I slept without waking during the night.  I have gradually improved with a limited amount of inflammation and soreness.  I have noticed improved range of motion in my shoulder.
	When I apply this cream on the infected area, It sometimes relives the pain in few seconds, or few mins. It is a symtomatic temporary relief. But the allergy repeats itself few months later.	resting in bath water for 20 mins to moisture the skin. Then apply the cream on the affected area.
	I was taking Flexeril for muscle inflammation in my ribs caused by sever coughing from bronchitis.  It helped with the pain a lot and helped me sleep through the night.	Flexeril has been highly effective for my pain.
	None	Took for several months, told my doctor it was NOT making a difference so she doubled the dose to 40 mg. I couldn't stand the thought of putting more chemicals in my body if they weren't doing anything so I never filled the doubled prescription and focused on counseling, which made a difference.
	It relieved the actual pain of my inflammed stricture	Taken at the same time daily
	This cleared up severe cracking and bleeding on hand. I have managed to avoid the condition for many months due to proper moisturization.	I was instructed to apply to affected area in the morning on  slightly damp skin.   I was to reapply a couple more times a day (especially after hand washing).  And to keep skin constantly moisturized.
	Acne significantly reduced or disappeared, but returns immediately upon stopping treatment.	I've been on Minocycline for five years. My acne was significantly reduced on 100mg/day dosage. Acne completely disappeared after dosage was upped to 200mg/day, except still get acne during week of menstruation. Acne immediately returns upon stopping medication.
	no watery itchy eyes, no runny stuffy nose. no sneezing. Normally my eyes are sticky and itchy and I sneez unconrtoallably. Also y nose woudl get completely stuffy and drip water constantly.	Very easy...just take once a day with water. It worked for 24 hours. It was small and east to swallow as well.
	I feel much more stabilized on this drug. However the 200 mg.did quit working after about year and a half, and I was hospitalized with a mixed episode. My Lamictal was raised to 400 mg. 200 at night and 200 in the AM. I am told this is the highest theraputic level for this drug for treating bi-polar. I am much more even but am also still on Geodon and kolonpin once a day. I am weaning off of zoloft-am at 50 mg. once a day at moment. I feel the real med that has helped is the Lamictal, I hope to wean off the rest of meds after being stable for a length of time.	Diagnosed with Bi-polar 2 WITH MIXED EPISODES AND RAPID CYCLING. Had been perscribed many SSRI'S, due to depression but never fully treated for bi-polar because I felt like I deserved and did not want to give up the few highs I had when not depressed. I also did not believe I was bi-polar when dignosed 12 years ago as an in-patient, because I had no understanding of mixed episodes and rapid cycling. I thought when I was hypo-manic, it was just a great relief and celebration of not being depressed. I was also not honest about my alcohol abuse until about 6 months ago, and have since stopped drinking, which allowed me to realize I was quelling the manis with alcohol, and with out it I was more unstable and manic. My only fear now is that without an anti-depressant I will suffer depression again.
	this medication allowed patient to reduce other cholesterol lowering medications while still keeping high cholesterol under control	the patient was warned about possible flushing as a side effect. he started at a low dosage and slowly in creased over the period of a year to the maximum amount suggested by doctor and never experienced any flushing. He is very pleased with the results and will continue with this medication.
	I had several episodes of extremely high blood pressure 212/90 was one reading.  It was mainly a product of work related stress and being overweight.  First I was treated with Prozac for the depression/anxiety and became suicidal.  With the Paxil and Lisinopril combination my blood pressure is controlled and I do not suffer from depression nor anxiety.  I respond to outside stimuli in a more normal way.	Lisinopril 1 tablet 20 mg daily, Paxil initially was 15 mg increased to 30 mg. daily.
	"This dosage works in keeping bladder irritations almost completely non-existent.

Before beginning this treatment I had recurring bladder irritations that felt like a bladder infection.  When tested, there was never any bacteria present.  The urologist that I went to put me on this system of using a vaginal cream.  I began using it nightly until symptoms were relieved or disappeared.  Following that I was put on a regimen of using the vaginal cream only 3 nights per week.  

Without the premarin vaginal cream I consistently had vaginal irritations."	Between .5 & 1 g. vaginal cream inserted vaginally 3 times a week.
	Quick relief of flu-like symptoms	The first day, you take 2 pills and then for the next four days you take 1 pill.  The packaging is excellent and tells you exactly what pills to take and when to take them.  As previously stated, no one in my family has experienced any side effects from taking this medication.  We have taken both the Z-pak and the generic form.  It works incredibly fast and has saved us from many vacation disasters!
	reduced sore throats and headaches due to allergies	Allergist prescribed Nasonex years ago to combat my allergies without drying me out like many antihistimes.  I believe that this medication helped me avoid the recurring sinus infections that I had had in the past.
	I felt great. Highly effective at preventing pregnancy. My skin looked decent while on the pill as well. I had a doctor tell me once that this pill was one the best birth controls to use. I agree, seeing as I am the patient. Its always nice to know when to expect your period :)	I took one pill a day, everday, for 2 years.
	Between 1998 and 2006, when I was going through menopause, my bone density went from normal to borderline osteoporosis, as shown by the results of two bone density tests given on those dates. After I received my bone density results in 2006, my physician put me on Fosamax, which I have taken regularly for the past two years.  When I took a bone density test recently in 2008, my bone mineral density had increased by almost 6% over a two-year period. I remain in the range of osteopenia, but am midway now between normal and osteoporosis in my T-scores.	I take a pill in the morning when I get up, once a week, on the same day each week.  I take it with an 8 ounce glass of water and do not lay down, eat, or drink anything for at least 30 minutes. I also take calcium/d vitamin supplements daily, eat plenty of dairy products, walk at least 3 times a week, and avoid alcohol and soft drinks.  I was already following these dietary habits when my previous bone density tests were done.  Because of that, I credit fosamax with the improvement  that has taken place.
	"While taking this medicine for sleep disorder IT help Me very good. I discovered

 It help another problem I had for many Years. I had a sinus problem of sever running noes every time I ate My nose would run like a faucet. Now it slowed down to a trickle.Hope It will Help someone else who suffer with this problem."	Taking 100mg. 3 times daily
	Tried many different drugs all either failed to reduce my blood presure or had side effects which I did not want to live with. Hytrin has brought my blood pressure under control with absolutely 	I take one tablet of the generic for Hytrin which is Terizosin each night and bed time and am monitored for my blood pressure control by my physician at six month intervals
	Became less emotional and therefore able to function better in everyday settings,especially as I experienced no side-effects.	200 mg once a day for seven years so far has worked very well,and will continue to take this medication at this dosage for at least another year,maybe more.
	The effect of the drug starts immediately but still the care is needed in the food. The drug is also inexpensive and widely available in the drug store.	The drug is generic and I took the drug at home without doctor's prescription. 2 Capsules days, each morning and evening before food.
	After my hysterectomy, I was depressed, didn't want to have company, was suspicious of everyone and everything. I wasn't feeling like my former self at all.  Once I began the hormone replacement therapy (Premarin), I began to feel much better immediately.  The depression left and I felt younger and much more able to cope with daily life.  I take Premarin (.625mg) daily.	I have remained very stable and have a good outlook on life.  Do not feel my age.
	not noticable, supposed to clear all yeast from body because I had been feeling bloated, kept getting yeast infections and when I had colonics the lady told me that I had an abundance of yeast.  Makes sense cuz I drink a lot of beer and don't eat too healthy.	Take one tablet, once a day for two weeks.  I was also supposed to eat a lot of yogurt and take a pro biotic pill once and a while.  Affects were not noticible and I have no idea whether I really had yeast over growth and whether it did any thing beneficial or not.
	the treatment (eyes & forehead) was highly effective and lasted 6 months each of the 3 times I was treated. I have a very deep vertical line between my eyes which was all but invisible with each treatment. I loved it!	Botox was administered to my forehead and outer eye area (crows feet) via small gauge needle. Totally painless. It took about 3 days for the drug to take effect but once it did, it kept the wrinkles at bay for approximately 6 months.
	My worst symptom was in my feet. It was painful to walk, and therefore I walked slowly even when I used shoes with good support (Birkenstocks), especially going down stairs. There was some pain or discomfort in my lower back. These were my symptoms when I was on methotrexate alone. When I started Enbrel, I felt the effects within hours. Within the same day I could walk decently with much less pain. Within the next few days and weeks, I'm practically back to normal. In my second month, I think I started to feel a tapering off of its effects, which doctors warned me about and I read about: I felt a faint shadow of the foot pains I used to experience but I can still move normally.	I inject myself twice a week in the stomach area, which is a feat because until this happened, I was scared to death of getting injections.
	This drug turned my severe recurrent depression around.	This drug changed my life. I have taken every antidepressant in the book. I received some benefit from most of them but my depression always returned and many of them had unpleasant side effects, including weight gain and constipation. This drug helped me enjoy life again. I still have occasional bouts of depression due to life cirsumstances but they are much briefer and less severe. I feel much more outgoing and enjoy being around people more. I no longer want to withdraw from the world and now face the world with much more confidence. For people worried that this drug produces an "artificial" feeling of happiness--this is not the case. This is the way people are supposed to feel. you will still have a normal range of moods. I only wish this drug had existed sooner--my whole life would have been differnt.
	revieved my eyes of the redness and puffiness and fluid that had been coming out of my eyes.	Had to put eye drops in daily for about 7 days. Noticed it clearing even after 2 days.
	Pain and pressure in front temporal lobes was reduced 50% within 2 hours of initial treament. Within 4 hours an overall 80% reduction in symptom severity.	One 325 mg tablet taken with 12 oz glass of water in evening.
	Reduce the chance of ostheoporiosis	Take one evista once  per day
	Decreased sputum production and increased lung function.	"I take a 2 month course of Zithromax, half a tablet daily, about twice a year to alleviate exacerbations of chronic Pseudomonas Auriginosa chest infection associated with Cystic Fibrosis. It works excellently in conjunction with a 2 week course of nebulised tobramycin (Tobi) to reduce symptoms and decrease sputum production. I believe one of its main actions is its anti inflammatory effect. Also I believe that it inhibits the ability of Pseudomonas to stick to the lungs. This is a great weapon in the arsenal against CF. 



I hope this helps your research and look forward to receiving my Skin Care DIY pack. Thank you."
	Markedly decreased hot flashes, which allowed for better sleep. Reversal of vaginal atrophy symptoms and vaginal dryness, and the accompanying itching and irritation.	According to my doctor, I am one of the small percentage of women who become more symptomatic as time goes by after menopause.  I had stopped hormone replacement therapy after the Women's Health Initiative Study as a result of the negative findings of the Study.  Over a period of several years, I was increasingly bothered by the disturbed sleep resulting from hot flashes and the vaginal discomforts mentioned above, and so reluctantly decided to resume taking hormones.  The doctor stated that Angeliq provided a low dose and that the progestin was closer to that which our body naturally produces. I took it daily for about a year. For the last six months, I have, with the doctor's approval, decreased use from every night to five nights during the week and none on the week-end.  I have not suffered any negative results from the decrease.
	I did not see a change in the condition of the toenail. Only about a quarter if the left great toenail was affected. After taking the drug for the 12 weeks, the physician recommended another 12 week course, however my insurance company would not cover the extended treatment and I could not afford the cost of Lamisil. Perhaps a positive effect would have been realized if I was able to continue the treatment	I was to take the drug for 12 weeks after having liver function studies performed. I did not experience any untowards side effects having taken the medication for ther prescribed 12 weeks. I did not miss any doses during that time.
	Patient complained of muscular pain in arm, thought to be broken. Visit to physician  proved otherwise. Arm imobilised and patent put on diclofenac. Thus far,no further complaint of pain, over past month increased mobility, and muscular strength.	"Patient takes treatment one tablet bu mouth twice daily.

Instructed to take with food.

Warned to not take prescribes drugs containing aspirin, ibuprofent or naproxen without physicians cosent."
	Fast acting inhaler for asthma symptoms.	When I have an asthma attack, I use my inhaler to help open my airways and make it easier to breathe. I shake the inhaler vigorously, then prime the inhaler by doing two test sprays into the air. I can then use it by taking two sprays a minute apart, being sure to inhale as deeply as possible.
	Helped with decreasing intermittent fluid retention in ankles and worked in conjunction with BP medication to decrease BP	Took medication daily along with BP med, monitored BP at home. Occasionally have puffy ankles but not as often.
	increased energy (moderate), weight stabilized	perimenopausal symptoms initiated this presecription.  Medication benefit seemed small, but just enought to balance me out.  I haven't needed to increase since I started.  Thyroid tests always show me with a "perfect" level since I've been taking it.  I'm very drug sensitive and have noticed .  The only drawback is having to wait 1/2 hour after taking before I can eat each day.  Other than that, it's great - it's even inexpensive to buy!
	simptoms disappeared promptly.	The child had this condition for more than 2 years.Her simptoms were quite severe During this time other treatments were administered, but without success. As soon as we started using Elocon the skin improved and after 2-3 weeks it cleared. Eczema didn't go away completely until the child was about 4. As soon as simptoms would reappear Elocon was used, but no more than once or twice at a time. The child is now 5 years old and no eczema on sight, thank God.
	I have mild arthritis in my knees.  I play tennis 3-4 times a week and consistently experienced mild pain and swelling.  I just did not want to give up tennis so I played through the pain.  Within a week after taking Diclofenac, my knees felt like they did when I was 18!!!  It really was amazing and continues.  I litlerally have NO PAIN whatsoever in my knees...	I take 100mg 1 X per day.
	Prior to taking this medication, I was feeling very tired and "fuzzy headed".  I thought these feelings were just due to being overly busy and getting older.  In an annual check-up it was discovered that my thyroid levels were off.  This medication brought my thyroid level to normal. I noticed increased energy and mental clarity within just a few days of starting the medication.	After finding through a blood test that my thryoid levels were off, my doctor prescibed this medication for me. Within just a couple of days, I noticed a marked improvement in my energy level.
	lower blood pressure	I take 20 mg Lisinopril dailey at night. The drug is very effective in lowering my blood pressure.  I have not had any problems with side effects, some people have problems with a chronic cough.
	my acne calmed down by 75%.still had some break outs when not used on time,but still nothing else would stop the break outs.everything I used just made it worse and mt skin was very dry and inflamed.those problems went away.my skin isn't dry it is back to normal even in the winter when its dry out.	used every day after washing face.rubbed in until absorbed,and at night.
	I was 6 days into having my very first cold sore which had since turned into TWO on the left and right sides of my bottom lip and I had already tried abreva and campho-phenique with absolutely no benefit. I thought I was going to suffer for weeks. It was so painful and kept scabbing then the scabs would fall off after drinking or taking a shower. Then I saw my dr who prescribed Zovirax ointment. I swear, the NEXT day, both cold sores were half the size and no longer "weeping". It is just about healed. This stuff works and now that I know I get cold sores, I will never be without Zovirax. Ever.	Blotted lips to dry and allow the ointment stay on lips. Wash hands well before and after application. Apply a thin layer to lips 6 x per day and especially right before bed.
	The Medformin controls my blood sugar. I've been taking it for eight years now with . I continue to enjoy the food I eat without worry because I regularly take this medicine. It does not contradict with the medicine I take for my hyperthyroidism. Medformin is also affordable that's why I can regularly take this medicine.	I take Medformin one tablet in the morning after breakfast and one tablet after dinner.
	The medicine was taken to prevent infection since a hole was drilled to drain the gathered blood and release pressure on my nail bed.  As a result, I am in the process of regrowing a healthy nail.	I was prescribed Augmentin at 875mg to be taken twice a day for 10 days in order to fend off infection in my nail bed.  Meanwhile,I used topical iodine and hydrogen peroxide to clean the wound several times a day and applied new bandages at each cleaning.  Once the swelling and pain subsided and growth of a new nail was evident, I trimmed away what I could of the damaged nail to allow the new one space to grow and to aid in keeping the wound clean.
	Reduced redness of the forhead and cheeks.	Applied MetroGel 0.75% to areas of face affected by rosacea in morning and evening.  Redness and small bumps were somewhat reduced.
	completely changed my way of life...  within days, could tell a difference... no longer suffer from night sweats or hot flashes at all,  the best thing i have ever tried..  this is a topical lotion that comes in individual packets that are 1.74 grams each (daily dosage is  2 packets)	use 2 packets daily, rubs into skin like a lotion..
	The treatment benefits of QVAR are that I do not think about my condition. Also, it is easy to execute the treatment.  I exercise and go about my day as if I were not afflicted with asthma.  I do not worry about having an attack, which is a big relief.  The treatment is inconspicuous, another plus.	Each morning, I take out my AeroChamber that holds the QVAR.  I shake the QVAR aerosol canister and place it back into the AeroChamber.  I then empty my lungs of air and take a big puff of the QVAR. I hold it in my lungs for as long as possible before breathing out.  I repeat this process at night before retiring. I expect to be using QVAR for the foreseeable future.
	Immediate relief of hot flashes (from 10-12 per day to 2-4 per week),sleep disruption, moodiness/agitation, depression (or periodic unexplained "dark days"), lack of libido.	Application of one patch in abdomen or upper buttock area weekly.
	I am so thankful for Imetrex. I have severe migraine headaches at leat 2 to 3 times a month. Before taking Imetrex my headaches would last 3 to 4 days. With Imetrex I can take the pill and my headache is gone within the hour. I have  from the taking this medicine.	You can only take this medicine while not driving. You have to be able to go into a dark room and be able to lay for at least and hour and half. After that you are able to go back to normal living.
	Within the first eight months I did not notice any benefits and decided to stop the treatments. Once off the Prozac my depression was worsen made me realise that the treatment was working but that I had not realised this.I restarted my treatment shortly after and felt much better. Although I felt better I realised that Prozac by itself was not the answer and I had to address other areas in my life.	Within the first eight months I did not notice any benefits and decided to stop the treatments. Once off the Prozac my depression was worsen made me realise that the treatment was working but that I had not realised this.I restarted my treatment shortly after and felt much better. Although I felt better I realised that Prozac by itself was not the answer and I had to address other areas in my life.
	"pain relief from arthritis flare up, no stomach or other side effects.

The medication needed to be taken with food or milk to avoid stomach upset."	took once a day for 2 weeks with good results of relief of back pain I also used exercise and ice when the pain was severe
	Benefits were to treat insomnia.	Patient had severe insomnia. 45 years old, 5'7", 90 lbs. Was given 5 mg Halcion nightly to sleep and it had little effect. Patient was able to sleep 1-2 hours. She doubled dose and it still did not able her to sleep any longer.
	I began suffering from "heartburn" in my late thirties. This condition progressed to a daily occurence. Not willing to avoid spicey foods my physician prescribed ranitidine. I recall he intially prescribed 150mg twice daily. At one point he recommended 300mg twice aday. But 150mg twice daily is working. The dosage reduced the occurence of heartburn (my symptoms)to near zero.	I take a 150mg tablet in the morning before or during breakfast and then another at lunch. This combination prevents heartburn throughout the day. Late night dinners may produce heartburn, often I'll take a tablet prior or immediately after as prevention. Also I elevated my bed about 2" at the head to prevent what had been fairly frequent events of stomach acid somehow working its way into my mouth at night. This drug and the elevated bed has reduced this to a very rare occurence, and again often associated with late evening meals if I do not take a tablet in the evening.
	I had suffered from daily acid reflux for approximately 4 or 5 months. Sometimes the reflux was so severe that I could not sleep. I changed my diet and tried many drugs, including ranitidine, Prilosec and Pepcid AC--none of whic helped. Although Nexium is very similar to Prilosec in its formulation, for some reason Nexium allowed my esophageal lining to heal and after a one month treatment, my heartburn is much better as long as I continue to watch my diet.	I took 1 capsule (40 MG) of Nexium daily for 30 days. Because my heartburn was typically worse in the evenings and at night, I took it in the late afternoon about 45 minutes prior to dinner. After one month, the improvements have been quite noticeable and I have been able to switch back to less powerful, over-the-counter medications.
	Fell asleep easily without feeling drugged the next day.	Was having chronic insomnia, but I wanted a very mild sleep aid as I need to be very alert in my workday. I was able to get myself into a good sleep pattern without any drug dependence.
	Helped ease constipation without causing discomfort. I have tried many different types of laxatives, fibers, etc to help reduce my problems with constipation. Many laxatives cause extreme cramping and work only the one time. The next day, the problem returns. With Miralax, I took it for the three consecutive days and it worked slowly, but without cramping, and without and discomfort at all. The effects lasted for several weeks -- that is, I had a bowel movement every day, easily. After about three weeks I needed to take it again, but it was only for the three days and then it had the same effect. I have been doing this now for almost a year. I feel significantly better.	I take Miralax in the evening, mixing it with a cup of warm water. After about three days, it starts to work. It does not "clean out" my stomach -- just helps me to have easy and regular bowel movements. I have to repeat the three-day program every three weeks or so. When I notice I have not had a bowel movement for a few days, then I take it again. For me, this is a great help.
	We tried various allergy medicines including zyrtec, but my son continued to have re-occurring sinuses infections and chronic nasal congestion.  Then we tried clarinex.  This past winter, we were sinuses infection free. The clarinex also cleared up the chronic nasal congestion.  It also helps that he likes the taste of the medicine.	Zachary receives 1 tablespoon of clarinex daily.
	I was able to take a full breath without wheezing and it seemed to reduce the mucous and inflammation in my lungs temporarily.	My GP instructed me to take it twice a day, two puffs until it ran out.  By the time the canister was empty I had recovered from my bronchitis.
	The acne cleared up but the evoclin was used in combination with proactiv.  Proactiv was used before and then started getting acne again. Then I was given evoclin and used both and the acne cleared up and the whiteheads and blackheads disappeared.  there was also a increase in the softness and suppleness of the facial skin.	I wash with proactiv in the morning and at night. I apply the evoclin at night only.
	Acne cleared up remarkably, pretty much disappeared altogether.	It took about two to three months to see any improvement, but improvement was steady until my acne was completely cleared up.
	After 2 years of treating hypothydoidism with 100 mgr dose, the patient was able to lower the dose to 88 mgr per day. Thyroid levels are now normal.	Started 4 years ago with a 100 mgr dose and after 2 years of daily use changed to 88 mgr due to a positive effect of the drug. Besides taking levothyroxine, the patient is also practicing yoga exercises that stimulate thyroid gland.
	After a copule of days I started to feel a little better. I did not feel as much tension in my stomach, and the pain started to go away. I have been using it everytime I feel pain in my stomach. I did not have heart burn though. It was only treated for pain/ulcer purposes.	It took several days for the medication to start working, but once it did I felt better. I have to take one pill everyday with food for 4 weeks.
	My skin became infected from scratching too much and too hard when I had an allergic reaction to a topical skin product.  A day after I started taking the medication, I noticed a decrease in the redness and swelling of the affected skin.  I was prescribed zyrtec in conjunction with the antibiotic but it causes severe drowsiness.  My doctor had me discontinue the zyrtec and see how I did with the cephalexin alone.  I continued to heal faster than I think I would have without the medication.	Take 1 capsule three times per day for 14 days.
	I WAS LIVING WITH PAIN IN MOST OF THE MAJOR MUSCLE GROUPS OF MY BODY.  IT HAD GOTTEN TO THE POINT OF HAVING TO HAVE HELP TO GET OUT OF BED.  WHEN THERE WAS A FLARE-UP I HAD TO GO TO BED. TRAMADOL HCL COMBINED WITH CYMBALATA REDUCED MY PAIN BY ABOUT 85%!  MADE MY LIFE LIVABLE AGAIN.  I'M THANKFUL THAT I HUNG IN THROUGH THE SIDE EFFECTS OF CYMBALATA.  IT TOOK OVER A YEAR TO FIND THE RIGHT COMBINATION OF DRUGS AND I'M THANKFUL THAT FINALLY DID.	NO DETAILS REALLY, JUST TAKE PILLS AS PRESCRIBED, TRAMADOL 2 A DAY AND CYMBALATA 2 A DAY. I CAN ADD A TRAMADOL IF I AM HAVING A FLAREUP.  I'M LEADING A PRETTY NORMAL LIFE.  I DON'T HAVE AS MUCH ENERGY AS I WOULD LIKE BUT I SURE HAVE A LOT LESS PAIN.
	improved breathing, less frequent asthma attacks and the ability to run either outside or inside, depending on the season	advair is an inhaled power that you take twice a day.  it's composed of two "active ingredient" - a long acting bronchio dilator and a steroid - both aid in combating asthma.
	"--reduced redness on face [especially around nose and cheek areas]

--helps reduce time that an open sore heals on face.

--overall - I am satisfied with Metrogel's performance concering Roseasa."	Thin layer of Metrogel over affected areas of face 1x per day after face has been washed and is dry.
	significant reduction in cholesterol levels	1 pill once a day
	Immediate relielf from anxiety.....even better after a couple of weeks.  May focus is better on this drug than all the years (about 15) I have been treated for ADD.	"I was diagnosed with Attention Deficit Disorder in my early 30's.  I tried different treatments...ritalin (terrible side effects), adderall (didn't work well alone), Adderall with Effexor (Worked great but is hell on your sex life) and then Adderall with Wellbutrin.  I took the Adderall with Welbutrin for 10 years but had to take ambien to sleep. Heart palpatations are another side effect of that combo.  



Menepause hit a couple of years ago and nothing seemed to work well and I developed major anxiety issues.  I started on Estrogen replacement and then asked my Dr what we could try that was closer to the Effexor I tried years ago.  That's when we tried Pristiq.  He seemed amazed at the results.  I do not need a ""drug cocktail"" anymore....I felt like Elvis for years.  I love my life again!"
	My blood pressure was out of control. My doctors had prescribed diuretics (limited effectiveness) and other forms of calcium channel blockers. This in my opinion is a wonder drug!My blood pressure had shot up so badly that I would get nosebleeds when working on my knees or bending over.My pressure was in the triple digits at times.	Once daily generally in the morning with a light breakfast
	fell asleep fast, woke up withouut significant fatique. Mild grogginess for a short time subsided within one hour of waking.	dosage taken at bedtime caused extreme tiredness. slept through the night, woke in the morning without unusual grogginess, but the treatment was somewhat addictive, I thought.
	slight reduction but that is all, 2nd week always still there so yet again more pills but usually never completely gone. accupuncture far more effective, within a few weeks gone down, consider that lymph was size of a walnut so that is great news	7 day course, then repeated as symptoms still remain, eventually after about 4 years of having this they refuse to give any more pills, they say nothing they can do however they checked for glandular fever and such but all clear, this has been ongoing always antibiotics i believe we already tried penicillin but with no joy there,
	yes - increased bone mass 4% over 2 years. sonagram taken twice in two years this is a very effective drug and i was happy with this experience	"weekly by pill

no food for at least 30 minutes

said to remain resident in the body up to 10 years

initiated weekly exercise - weight bearing to improve the potential for success"
	The pain subsided very quickly with .	After a surgery to remove ovarian cysts, I was left with pain in my stomach and lower back.  The Hydrocodone/acetaminophen pills were prescribed and were very effective in getting rid of the pain, with .
	Immediately after a complete hysterectomy, menopause set in.  Night sweats and insomnia were making life difficult.  Immediately after starting the Climara patch, all menopausal symptoms were relieved.	Treatment entails applying one patch per week.
	When the antidepressant finally kicked in (after about two weeks), I finally felt "normal."  It made me realize how down I was.  I've heard other people say the same thing about feeling "normal."  I would still get down but it wouldn't last for days.  I could get through it like a healthy-minded person.  It was such a relief from what I had been feeling.  I told myself that I would take it forever if I had to......anything to not feel what I had been feeling for years:  depressed that I'm not good enough.	"When I try again to cut back on the dose, I think I'll go to a psychiatrist while doing it.  Regular physicians who refill my prescription don't know me and don't know how to offer advice about doing this.



My treatment details....I take it every day.

Sometimes I've forgotten a day or have run out of a prescription and didn't get it refilled for a few days.  I got a bit light headed.  Definitely not something you can quit cold turkey."
	The prescription was given for anxiety and to help with sleep during long flights and when under high anxiety situations. Lorazepam helped to calm and induced drowziness. I would not recomend this if you have to stay alert as it can make functioning dificult.	To be taken when needed to relieve stress and assist in sleeping.
	no hot flashes, increased libido, increased energy level, seemed to feel more zestful.  prilosec controlled acid reflux well	I have been able to stop taking to prilosec since I have lost weight.  I only take it as needed now, maybe a couple times a week.  I am currently still taking the estratest for hot flashes and it is working well.
	It releived symptoms of crohns disease and inflammatory bowel disease. It stopped symptoms of bloating pain cramping and diarrea associated with crohns disease. I did not have any side effects from this medication. After surgery I began taking this medication daily at first I took 16 capsules a day 4 ccapsules 4 timea a day. Then cut it back to 8 daily. About 2 years ago I began taking the 500 mg dosage and take this 2 capsules 2 times a day.	I began talking 250mg 4 capsules 4 times a day along with other medications after surgery for  a bowel obstruction. this was the 3rd surgery for bowel obstruction I had over 20 year period.  Eventually I weaned down to 8 capsules then began 500 mg and take 4 capsules per day.
	Did stop the sniffles and clear the nasal passages.  Headaches were still a problem.  However, coupling this product with aspirin provided a good solution.	Treatment regimen was 1 5mg pill per day.  Did not need to take with food.
	My Facial skin turger increased slightly and became brighter (not red) and more vibrant....was less dull in appearance.  It also seemed to even out my skin tone.	Applied every other night as directed in package directions after cleaning and carefully drying face.  I did not apply moisturizer or any cream on my face on the nights I applied the tretinoin.
	The benefits of this treatment were as I had hoped. I had developed some facial hair over the past few years and grew tired of tweezing and waxing. The treatment took a few months to work, but over time has minimized the hair growth. I will continue to use this as it is a very simple once a day application.	Apply cream once daily to effected areas.
	Hormone replacement therapy is used to control menopause symptoms - I need to take prometrium with estrogen to prevent uterine cancer. I sleep well. I do not have night sweats. I do not have mood swings. My skin is not dry. I do not experience vaginal dryness.	I take 100 mg. a day of prometrium and covaryx hs at .625 mg. 4 times a week. I am very pleased with this combination of the two drugs. I feel great and have a lot of energy. I am very healthy and have no health issues. I am not at risk for breast cancer so I am not afraid of HRT.
	It helps with sneezing but my nose runs like a faucet. It relieves my itching eyes, I don't cough as much.	I've struggled with allergies for 20 yrs.  Very few drugs help me however this drug does at least slow down the reaction to allergins.  I'm going to try Zyrtec now that it is OTC.  I've tried benedryl and claritin which don't help.
	Drastic reduction of sinus infections, from 3-4 per year down to 1 or less. My 23 year old daughter takes it with the same results.	Take daily, even if you think you don't need it. After using for several years, I experimented by going off of it, frequency of sinus infections increased to what it had been.
	Better heart condition, stronger bones taken along with my calcium	Once daily I am taken Premarin .0625mg and I am planning to try the new dosage of .045 mg.  To me, it was a tremendous life changing event and I only have positive comments.  The benefits far outweigh any side effects mentioned by some people.
	Pain relief allowing uninterupted sleep.	Previous adverse effects from hydrocodone made Tramadol the drug of choice for pain relief after a complicated tooth extraction. I was very pleased to have adequate pain relief without the "fuzzy" feeling and slight nausea previously experienced with other prescription pain relievers.
	excruciating ear pain began to improve within minutes of taking the first pill.  ear pain continued to diminish and was eliminated by day 4.	took the z-pack as prescribed on the box and by my physician.  2 pills on day 1 then 1 pill per day on days 2 through 5.
	complete suppression of heartburn	I have had GERD for at least 20 years, and have tried lifestyle/dietary changes, over the counter meds and zantac. All helped somewhat, especially zantac, but nexium has proven far more effective.
	"Cleared up most of the symptoms for the 10 day period for both periods on it.



Both terms that i took the drug, the symptoms returned 2 days later with very intense pain then weakened over the next week... still sick now for the 7th straight"	Normal 10 day 2 times a day dosage
	Much more focused when taking medication. Able to complete a task before starting another one.  More attentive to what is happening/being said around me. Less impulsive (e.g., when not taking, will start singing or behaving silly at inappropriate times)	I'm not sure what this means other than I was started on 40mg once per day and then increased to 80mg where I have remained for 5 years.
	The treatment benefits were a noticable reduction in nasal symptoms of runny nose and itching. Additionally, I had no nasal pressure or headaches due to same. The drug needs to be taken daily. I would take it for a month at a time. It started working within two days after noticing my allergy symptoms flaring up (When Christmas tree came into house and in spring when trees pollinate.)	This drug is to be taken daily for an extended period of time. The dosage is one tablet per day. The tablets are on the large side, but the benefits are worth it.
	I first started taking Tramadol when a doctor prescribed it for some back pain I had been experiencing.  But then I continued to take it because it really relieved my depression.  It is a great mood enhancer and I have had a lot more energy and enthusiasm since taking it.	I take two 50 mg caps per day
	no benefit still tired short of breath losing hair can't lose weigth loss of libido	after blood test was given levothyroxine 50mcg 1 tablet a day to conteract over tiredness loss of hair weight problem and loss of libido. This treatment is for life but I had so far no benefit after over 3 years. I can not stop it as I was explain that it could go worth. No other treatment are available and no cause of this problem can be explained.
	Alleviation of symptoms associated with hypothyroidism: weight gain, hair loss, fatigue, and so on.  Further, medication was taken during pregnancy with no apparent ill effects to the fetus, and with the benefit of carrying to term with none of the adverse effects associated with hypothyroidism and pregnancy.	Treatment of hypothyroidism is simple: one pill per day provides the thyroid hormones lacking.  Furthermore, brand-name drugs are inexpensive, even when paid for out of pocket.
	Cleared up the UTI quickly and completely with 	I had a urine sample taken and a clear sign of UTI was present.  The sample was also sent to a lab to analyse for the bacteria present.  At the same time, Norfloxacin tablet were taken as this is a broad spectrim antibotic, so would be effect on most bacteria.
	Acid indigestion daily not impacted by over-the-counter medications. Used as prescribed, majority of acid indigestion is gone.	Take the drug as prescribed. It is a pill and you just take the pill at the same time every day. i have not made changes in my diet. Although I gave up spicy foods a while ago and continue not to eat spicy foods.
	the benefits of the treatment were that the blood sugar level that were very high in the beginning of the treatment went to controlled level. (it is controlled with the use of the medicine. I do not know what happens if I stop taking the medicine.)taking the medicine also helps in controlling hunger and so it help in having three meals, on regular times.	the treatment is taking the medicine every day, three times a day for the first three years the dosage I got was of 850 mg twice a day one pill after breakfast and one pill after supper. after three years the dosage was changed a bit and I have received 500 mg three times a day, one pill after each meal. recently (round six months ago) since the blood sugar leveled were under control, the dosage was reduced to 500 mg twice a day after breakfast and after supper
	it alleviated my severe depression related to an extended period of high stress events in my life.  The depression was debilitating.	once daily oral administration
	I WAS ABLE TO LIVE A NORMAL LIFE. TACHYCARDIA DISAPPEARED.  ANXIETY AND ALL OTHER SYMPTOMS RELATED TO DEPRESSION WERE UNDER CONTROL.	I STARTED WITH 1 20MG OF PAXIL IN THE MORNING AND 1/2 AT NIGHT BEFORE BEDTIME AND WITH XANAX THREE TIMES A DAY FOR 6 MONTHS. AFTER THAT I REMAINED WITH 1 TABLET PAXIL IN THE MORNING WITH 1 XANAX  AND 1 XANAX AT BEDTIME.
	I have a great reduction in stomach acid problems. When I've tried to use natural products like Alo Vera juice or licorice-based products, to take care of the problem, it is very difficult, and I have to take products throughout the day to have any success whatsoever. So taking one pill first thing in the morning holds me most of the day, though I often begin to get some acid in the evening.	The simplicity is one of the best features. I take the pill with a glass of water first thing in the morning, wait at least 1/2 an hour before eating anything, and I'm done!
	Decreased symptoms	I've been suffering from cold sores all my life, usually getting one after a cold in the winter season. If my stress levels are up i usually get one as well either under my nose or on my lips. After finally using valtex my symptoms were reduced to 7 days. Prior to that i would be suffering for almost 3 weeks with theses bad boys!!!! Key to survival, take this pill as soon as u feel the tingle, if not it will come just not as bad.
	Reduced pain in legs and forearms, and blocked the pain from the arthritis in my lower back.  The pain in my legs from the RLS is considerably lessoned.  I also was in chronic pain from my arthritis, but can now move around without any pain, (unless I lift or do any type of work that is strenuous), but I used to be in so much pain that I would cry, so it was definitely worth it for me to take Neurontin.	Three 600 mg. tabs in the a.m. and three 600 mg. tabs at bedtime.
	Fast- acting, works in 15-20 mins.	I've had insomnia since I was a kid--couldn't shut the old mind down. I used Tylenol PM for years but it stopped working for me. Ambien has been great. It usually puts me to sleep within thirty minutes though I have had trouble getting to sleep after eating too much before bedtime. I have very active dreams, but always have had. If I try to fight it and stay up, I do hallucinate and have said and done things I don't remember. My sons tell me funny stories. I feel great the next day and don't feel drugged at all.
	Controlled itching in eyes, nasal and chest congestion, and "tickle cough" very well	One 180 mg tablet each morning as needed for sinus.
	Trazodone allows me to fall asleep within ten minutes and sleep through the night, awaking in the morning without grogginess.	50 mg taken with water directly before bed puts me to sleep within ten minutes or so. I wake up 7-8 hours later (unless forced to get up earlier by my alarm clock) without feeling drugged or groggy. The insomnia being treated was the kind where I was able to fall asleep after about a half hour in bed, but then I would wake up again after a couple of hours and be unable to fall back asleep. This mild, nonaddictive drug has successfully addressed the insomnia that has affected me since childhood.
	I had tried EVERY over the counter product for acid reflux and none of them worked. I also have tried other prescriptions for acid reflux and none have worked for me as well as Prevacid has.	One pill once a day. The ingredients are supposed to limit or decrease acid reflux.
	This spray clears the nasal passages to promote free breathing. I've tried over the counter remedies but they are harsh and you end up practically addicted to them. This works much the same way but is non-addictive and need only be used when symptoms hit. I have used this same product when I've had a head cold and achieved the same results. I'm pretty sure that's not what it's intended for but whenever I've got sinus pressure, I take this product.	Simply shake the bottle, and use 2 sprays in each nostril daily.
	my blood pressure stayed in the normal range. the headaches I was having from hypertension subsided.	i developed high blood pressure triggered, i feel, by stress from a divorce and possibly from hormone imbalance from stress due to the divorce and its ramifications. i would have headaches everyday and was checking my blood pressure while i was having a headache and at times when i did not have a headache. it was most definitely elevating during a headache. i tried one other medication first with no success. my Dr. switched me to atenolol with good results. It also corrected the occasional premature cardiac beats I was having. the dosage is low so i continue to take it for the normal sinus rhythm as my blood pressure problem is now resolved.
	very quick sleep induction within 30 minutes, frequently even faster.  No grogginess in the morning, felt very refreshed.  I also took the medicine to aid in jet lag and during long flights.	1 5 mg tablet 30 min prior to intended bedtime.  Need to have at least 7 hours of uninterrupted sleep in order not to feel groggy
	"Within 1/1-/2 months I am now starting on 2 pills at night which is 3 mg. 

The pain that I normally get in my chest (from my Crohn's) is gone. 

I feel better and I am not as tired. It is a wonder drug and I wish they would run more trials so more people can gain the benefits of this drug. Other drugs started out this way and were tested off label for other diseases, why not LDN."	"I start out with 1 pill at night for 30 days, then increase to 2 pills a night for 30 days, then 3 pills a night and that is the maximum of dosage. I am

assuming some people just need the 2 pills a night. Seems to be working great for me."
	sore throat healed due to reduction in stomach acid	not sure
	Improved metabolism, decreased depression, increased energy, decreased hair loss, and improved finger/toenail condition.	I have been taking Levoxyl for 7 years. In that time, I have had no problems with depression and was able to cease taking an antidepressant. My metabolism is regular. I have no problems with fatigue.
	Less reflux acidity	I took the drug for my severe gerd gastro esophageal reflux disease. I used to take anti acid but was not effective and this drug was more effective. The doctor prescribed first losec but nexium appears to be less costy and with the same benifit. Nexium worked the whole dayand i had less acidity feeling at night. But my condition went worse and i did funduplication surgery and now i dont need it
	THE TREATMENT BENEFIT IS TO CONTROL THE GLUCOSE IN MY BLOOD, ALONG WITH A HEALTHY DIET AND AVOID SWEETS AND STARCHES.	I TAKE ONE ACTOS 15 MG IN THE MORNING. HAVE BLOOD TESTS DONE EVERY 3 MONTHS TO CHECK MY KIDNEYS, GLUCOSE LEVEL, CHILESTEROL, ETC. ALSO HAVE MY EYES CHECK EVERY 12 MONTHS, AND MY FEET AS WELL.
	Severe symptoms of cold sores around the mouth were reduced and cleared up within 5 days.	Having suffered from recurrent severe cold sores in the past, I began taking 200mg  five times a day once the onset of another attack became obvious. Instead of ending up with large and unsightly blisters and scabs, these were considerably reduced in size and the time it took to heal completely was also reduced.
	Very alert and extremely focused. I have a tremendous amount of energy with absolutely no jitters. My memory has improved and my production at the office has skyrocketed. I've been taking it for three months and it works as well as the first day I took it. It may not work for everyone but it works wonders for me.	150 mg/day in the morning.
	To reduce the inflammation of the nasal polyp. By doing so, this should allow me better breathing. I was experiencing sleeplessness, due to inability to breathe well and also to have to sleep in a propped up position. Following the steroid treatment, I was able to sleep well again without all the snoring.	Following the steroids, I am going to have endoscopic sinus surgery to treat the blockages in my sinus passages.
	i struggled with adult acne for 10 years and nothing worked for me. when i started taking this medication my acne completely cleared within 2 months and whenever i stop taking this medication it comes back within a few weeks and then will go away again when i start taking it again.	i take one capsule every morning on an empty stomach. you cannot take any calcium at the time you take this medication so i wait for an hour before i have my coffee because i like cream in my coffee.
	When he first started using the medication we saw remarkable results.  As time has gone by the results don't get any better, but it does keep his flare ups to a minimum and he doesn't ever have the big painful sores.	He takes a capsule in the morning and one at night.  Along with the medication he is faithful to wash his face twice a day with basis soap.
	Minimized pigmentation if not absolved them altogether. Good results for both hypo- and hyper- pigmentation.	Placed the cream daily on the pigmented lesions for 4 months. I have stopped using this drug altogether after reading the reports.
	Due to a car accident I sustained head injuries in addition to physical body injuries (broken bones, etc.)  I had terrible mood swings.  Through the assistance of a Psycharist subscribing Zoloft, gradually I became calmer.  I didn't cry as often for no apparent reason or get irritated at the drop of a hat.  My short term memory returned and I became less self conscious.	Initial dosage was 50 mg gradually over two year my span dosage increased to 200 mg.  I still am taking Zoloft.  I am somewhat fraid my symptoms will resurface.  I am also concerned about any withdrawals or headachs.
	The treatment benefits included rapid pain-relief from the UTI.  Pain and symptoms of the UTI disappeared after the first week.  The drug was taken to completion to prevent reoccurance.	The treatment included the tablet twice daily as well as plenty of fluids.  Use of the drug was supplemented by cranberry juice intake -- about 2 glasses per day.
	Initial LDL cholesterol reduced from 320 to 230 after 60 days. Continuing to take Pravastatin to further reduce LDL cholesterol.  HDL cholesterol is within normal range. Change in diet and weight reduction as recommended by Doctor is contributing to adjustment of cholesterol levels.	After taking Pravastatin for 60 days lab tests were performed to test liver function and cholesterol levels. After reviewing the test results I was told to continue taking Pravastatin for another 30 days and then get lab testing done again. My doctor also advised me to exercise more, loose some weight and eat more fruits and vegetables and less dairy and meat.  I have lost 8 pounds and have committed to some regulation of my diet.  I have eliminated eating from fast food restaurants.
	The benefits of taking Lexapro, for me, were noticable within a few weeks at the very most. I wasn't as on edge. I wasn't as anxious. I haven't had any more anxiety attacks and Lexapro has helped me.	I had never had a panic or anxiety attack before. After having my first one, and being scared to death to have another one, my doctor put me on Lexapro. I take 10mg/ day and have not increased it.
	A little better than nothing.	"Had to go to Drs. office for a treatment and steroid pack.  Requested another named inhaler.  Got Pro-Air...  Currently looking online to Canada to try and find the original Albuteral inhaler.



With all of the factories, truck engines and exhaust, hairsprays, how much actual damage does an inhaler do, comparitively speaking???"
	I am an athlete, tennis pro and avid golfer. I experienced inflammation and swelling post knee surgery (tibia plateau fracture). Walking an 18 hole golf course can be painful for me, even after a year post surgery, I was in search of pain relief to continue playing a sport I love. Celebrex reduced my inflammation and stiffness and allowed me to play pain free.	I have been taking Celebrex now for over five months. I am very pleased with the drug it has helped to relieve my stiffness and pain with no bad side effects. I was concerned about taking this drug on a daily basis or extended term but my experience with  has lowered my concern. I will continue to take it as I do see a difference when I don't, my knee is more stiff and difficult to walk at times. I have tried naproxen but for me celebrex works better.
	It calms down the need to scratch,,gives me the ability to sleep at night,,,it also relieves my alergy symptoms(cough,sneezing,running nose)in general,,it keeps me from going out of my mind...When I don't use itthe itching will drive me up the wall. It mellows my mood,allowing me to act and react with others..	I have been taking one or two 25mg Atarax for 35 years
	Immediate reliefe from my fribulation and a modest decline in blood preassure	I was experiencing atrial defribulation due to excessive stress in life events, ie: birth of my 1st son , the passing of several family members, and a new career path-all at once-Tenormin was prescribed by my physician and it was like throwing a "wet blanket" over my crazy heartbeats.I've been taking it for 20 years and swear by it--only word of caution is do not stop taking it abruptly as, in my case, symptons resume quickly
	none	"all day sneezing and continually runny nose secondary to seasonal allergy.

This medication stopped the sneezing for about 4 hrs.  Then it resumed as did the continuous runny nose.

Directions say take 1 only every 24 hrs.  I won't buy this medication again.    No noticeable side effects at all except it certainly didn't work at all."
	While I did not have active Tuberculosis, I had tested positive.  Taking Isoniazid will prevent a future case of Tuberculosis from developing.	After testing positive for Tuberculosis, my Dr. prescribed a 6 month course of Isoniazid.
	Lowered my colesteral from 225 to 156.  Excellant results	Take a pill once a day
	skin seems to be producing more collagen and DEFINITELY has better texture and appearance. The low dose of HGH is something that needs to be considered as it really border a theraputic level. The bad side is the cost...500 per month at 1 cc per day. For men I cant tell you how happy I am with the low dose testosterone / Nandrolone (Deca) combination ( 100 mg per week). And generally speaking isnsurance companies DO cover injectable testosterone.	see above
	Zovirax is a highly effective treatment of cold sores.  I take it in significantly higher dosages than the package indicates and 70% of the time, the cold sore diseappear within a day.	I basically take at least 5 200 mg tablets.  I have not found the ointment to be effective at all, only the tablets.
	The pill was very effective and i felt the relief from the pain considerably right after taking the pill	The pill was prescribed to me for recovering from pain after my wisdom teeth were extracted.  It was a very effective pain killer.  All of my wisdom teeth were extracted the same day and I was in excruciating pain once the anesthetic wore off.  As soon as I took thi smedication, I felt great relief.  I was prescribed only 5 pills but I felt much better after taking only 3, 1 every 4 hours.
	Reduces anxiety/worry. Really relaxes me and makes me feel much better and lets me sleep. I had major trouble falling asleep before taking this drug. Now I sleep like a baby. Very effective. Taken as prescribed there are no problems. A few idiots abuse this drug and thus the drug has gotten a bad rap unfortunately. Much better than SSRI's with way less side effects. It really makes me feel great. I take the .5 mg fast acting version, not the long acting version. This way it clears my system quicker and I can take it as needed and not worry about tolerance.	.5 mg/day as needed
	Always feel refreshed and clear thinking the day after.  I feel much better than I do on days I don't take it.	I take it once in 3 days.  I would love to take it every day.  I sometimes take Rozerem the other 2 days but it isn't near as effective.
	It eliminated the pain in my lower back for 8 hours at a time and after taking the full corse it seemed to have reduced the inflammation causing the pain.	I took this medication for 7 days for lower back pain, 2 times a day.
	correction of thinning of hair, feeling cold all of the time, weepiness and feeling emotional.  improvement in fingernails.  correction of insomnia	take tablet once daily in am on an empty stomach avoiding calcium for two hours.  have thyroid function tests at least once a year.
	Although the medication has decreased my TSH level, I am still fatigued and inspite of being active at my job, I cannot seem to lose weight.  I have extememly low energy level which I thought the synthroid would help.	I take one table, once a day with water.
	I feel that Chantix is the best way to quit smoking. It was prescribed my my doctor. I smoked for 30 years. The only time I quit during that 30 years was when I was pregnant. I always started back up within a year. This time I know I won't start smoking again.	It was the best treatment I could have chose. I am very satisfies with the treatment. It has worked for me. It started having an effect on me the 2nd day of treatment. I noticed the cigarettes tasted bad so I keep putting them out. And I quit before the first week of being on the Chantix.
	It help me get through the day with out a fast heartbeat. It calmed my nerves.	I started taking Xanax in 1984 at the age of 33. I have a Mitral Valve Prolapse.  I am one of the few people who has problems with it.  Right before I started taking xanax, I was in and out of the emergency room with heartbeats up to 200 beats per minute.  My heart doctor put me on Lanoxin and inderal to control heartbeat, and gave me Lorazopam for nerves.  The Lorazopam did not do me any good.  I was still having fast heartbeat attacks.  He then referred me to a psychiatrist who put me on Xanax.  My panic attacks stopped for the most part. I started out on .5 mg 3 times per day, and dropped down to .5 mg 1 time per day a few years later, as I was able to cope better with less.   Today, I no longer take any medications at all.  I withdrew from Xanax in 2003.  I am doing fine.  I have gone to a natural approach.
	I was able to go back to sleep after waking and then to get up in two hours without any grogginess or after effects. The sleep I had as a result of the pill was very restful. This drug allows you to take a pill in the early morning hours, go back to sleep and then get up at the normal time without any sort of hangover. It is wonderful.	Upon waking and not being able to return to sleep, one 10 mg dose of Sonata will return the patient to sleep. If used too frequently, I understand that the product will be ineffective.
	Lessening of most hypothyroid symptoms started within 2 weeks of taking the drug. Weight gain stopped despite positive dietary modifications and weight stability occurred, there were less incidences of dry skin, and menstrual irregularities went away.	Armour Thyroid by mouth 2 gr. 1 x a day.
	nasacort eliminates stuffiness if taken at the proper times and right dosages. i have been advised by medical professionals that first administering over the counter med. such as AFRIN  (once)clears the passages first... then, when nasacort is applied the stuffiness is relieved for a longer period of time.. i find this to be true	"with nasacort it is usually taken on a daily or semi dailhy basis. if applied correctly i can go two weeks without using this very expensive medicine.

Vicodin is only taken when i experience headaches which i am told has nothing to do with my perenniel rhinitis... It works best if I take it as soon as i experience the apparent signs of a headache.. then, i don't usually have to continue taking it at the prescribed dosages of every 4 to six hours.. i have been taking vicodin or the generic for more than 10 years...i do not take in at night because it seems to cause insomnia."
	ease side effects of hot flashes, lost libido, sleeplessness, and to help bring my hormones into balance along with the estridol and testosterone	take prometrium at bedtime every day to help also with sleeplessness along with menopausal symptoms. and also with the testosterone gel and estridol to help balance out my hormone levels as part of my bio-identical hormone therapy
	Elimination of night sweats, insomnia, irritability, stabilization of skin tone, no vaginal dryness	i started HRT when I was 50 years old.  I noticed a significant increase in irritability...I felt like I was in PMS all the time.  This affected my marriage.  I went to my family physician  knowing that this was probably due to onset of menopause.  It took about a month for the symptoms to abate.  I stayed on Prompro for ten years.  I stopped taking Prempro one month ago, mainly due to evidence of direct correlations between HRT use and increasing probability of breast cancer occurence.  I am now concerned over decreasing health of my skin because I am no longer on HRT.
	I'd had dry skin on my face for several years which I'd controlled using moisturisers. About five years ago, I started to get acne pimples and bumps on my cheeks and forehead which was diagnosed as rosacea. I was prescribed Metrogel which cleared the problems, including the dry skin. Symptoms reduced almost immediately. I've had about two years without having to get a repeat prescription, and symptoms have just begun to return, so I've requested more from my doc.	Apply a thin layer of gel to the face twice a day.
	hormone balance. my estrogen was high during peri-menapause and this product got me back into balance and normal monthly periods.	daily dose as described aboce. Once day - 10 mg as prescribed.
	resistant sinus infection cleared up completely	I was prescribed this antibiotic after a course of a z-pak that didn't do the trick. This was a fast acting drug that was aggressive and effective and had little to .  I will be requesting this as my first line of treatment from now on.
	Did reduce slightly the sun damage brown spots and noticed a small lessening of tiny wrinkles.	Applied the cream once a day at night to face.  Did the daily treatment for about 2 months and then reduced to applying every 2-3 days.
	5-aminosalicylic acid, or mesalamine, belongs to the group of medications known as anti-inflammatories. It is used to treat mild-to-moderate ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease.5-aminosalicylic acid (or 5-ASA) acts by reducing inflammation in the bowel.	"2 tablets daily (500 mg) and in case of a flare up (inflamed digestive tract) the dosage can be tripled and for precaution measures a colonscopy should be done very 2 - 3 years.



During a flare up I have light abdominal pain and bloody diarrhea. Salofalk is an anti inflammatory to reduce inflammation in the bowel."
	I have taken this drug off and on for 20 years. It is so effective for my depression that I start feeling like I'm "cured" and don't need to take it any more. I have found that when I stop taking it, I'll be fine for a few days or weeks, and then I start feeling symptoms of depression again. For the last 3 years, I have taken it regularly and am not planning on stopping. It doesn't make me feel happy every day, because that's not its purpose, however it does keep me from entering a depressive state.	I take 20 mg every morning with my vitamins. For 2 years I took 40 mg every other day, however I haven't felt the need to do this anymore.
	My knee and leg pains lessened considerably after taking Voltaren orally	By over exercising I strained my left knee which had been a problem in the past(12 years ago,torn meniscus). I had considerable pain with shooting pains to my groin which caused my leg to almost give way.  I took Voltaren orally as instructed on the packet and it worked within a very short time and after one week the pain is very slight just a twinge now & then in my groin which reminds me that I need to rest!
	freedom from depression, in addition, a greater interest in  sex	I took 150mg daily
	"I have been plagued with peristent mutiple warts on my elbow for over 10 years. At Christmas - I decided to 'attack' the area again to clear it for the Summer. I used the freezing technique, but warts were clearly trying to spread outside the treated area onto fresh skin areas..  I then added the salicylic acid to the new growths but this just made my arm/skin sore.  I could see the only solution was to control the virus itself to prevent any new spread as the thickened areas died off with the cryotherapy. 

I used a thin smear of Acyclovir around the treated areas and all the new wart 'blistering' stoped iritating within an hour or so and died back.  If I left the cream off - they would start again.  I persisted with the cream daily for 2 weeks and for the first time in 10 years or more my arm is 'wart free' and I have healthy unbroken wart free skin."	This may be a marketing oportunity for you as re-growth is often more of a problem than treating the original wart.
	I did not have to go through the change of life so early in my life, never really felt any change, at the time it was the best way to remove all the endrometriosis that i had, and it never effected me much as in pain or my womenhood.	after the operation i relaxed for three weeks no heavy lifting, took premarin, still take premarin, so at the age of 47 still have not had the side effects of menopause, which is nice,  they say there are risk at a later age and how long you've been on them, but am confident enough and quite healthy at this time.
	According to my psychiatrist and to what I had read, lamictal could be very helpful for people with PTSD. I had tried dozens of meds over the years and, at the time, was totally crippled with anxiety despite being on all the other meds. listed above. Hours after starting Lamictal I was given relief and the anxiety and dissociative symptoms reduced markedly.	I was on 25 mg for a week or perhaps two, then raised the dose to 50 mg. I have been on this dose for many years now, along with the rest of the meds I take to manage symptoms.
	having suffered from asthma for most of my adult life, I began to rely on the albuterol (which should be only used as a rescue inhaler) multiple time per day.  After beginning the Flovent inhaler, my asthma was almost non-existent.	You only need take two puffs in the morning, and another two puffs before going to bed.  That's it!
	kept the high blood pressure normal. of course patient has also changed lifestyle - exercising four times a week, eating light sodium and low calorie foods. diet of vegetables and fish or white chicken, fruits and grains, no red meats. we believe it is both lifestyle and medication that have lowered the high blood pressure.	one tablet of 10mg once a day
	Depression was gone for the first time in my life!  I finally knew what it was like to be "normal".	I had taken other anti-depressants with no benefit and negative side effects.  I also had done various talk therapies.  When the dose of Effexor XR got high enough, I felt for the first time what it was like to be "normal" - happy, sad, etc. without the overbearing feeling of depression.  When I had to go off the Effexor XR due to cost, the depression recurred.  This drug literally changed my life.  However, when I talk to other people who were not helped by it, they frequently are on a very low dose.  I am glad that I found a doctor willing to prescribe a high enough dose to be beneficial.
	Getting to sleep is easy as is staying asleep.  When waking during the night, returning to sleep was not a problem.  The drug did not cause sleep so deep that waking and being coherent was difficult.	The drug is taken on an as needed basis.  It has been used as much as three nights in succession without any noticeable ill effects.
	reduced headaches and sneezing	I took it for a while. It worked OK for a while then stopped working. I would take it again a I understand tht it you take the drug for extended periods one can develop resistance to the drug. I experienced ono adverse side effects.
	Within about 2 days I noticed I had more energy.  I wasn't waking up tired, I wasn't craving sugar and coffee and my mood improved dramatically.  I stayed on the medication for about 2 years.  Gradually I noticed that I didn't need as much so I cut back on my dose. Eventually I went off for a year or two.  Then when I noticed the old symptoms of mild depression, tiredness, sugar cravings etc., I went back on.  I found that the natural form of Armour allowed my thyroid to kickstart.  After talking to many people who have used the synthetic form, they didn't experience this.  Their thyroid seemed to shut down and they had to always take the drug.	I started out at 1/4 grain every other day.  Gradually I increased that to every day.  Then I would take 1/2 grain every other day.  Eventually I found I took about 2 grains per day for a couple of months.  I felt great and as I noticed I didn't need as much I reduced the dosage.
	Relief of chronic intermittent pain. Also, relief from chronic ( post ) repeated surgery and repeated hospitalizations.	Currently being used on a as needed basis for chronic pain. Also, used for sudden onset of severe pain from post surgical complications.
	The abcess and inflammation around the area disappeared. It is very important that MRSA abcesses be treated immediately. If you have a history of MRSA, get to your doctor and begin medication as quickly as possible. Rifmapin is a very effective drug for MRSA infections. The doctor will do a workup of all the effective medications against your specific MRSA infection and choose the appropriate antibiotic.	Rifampin is a drug used for MRSA infections. It is important that for any abcess that presents, for the doctor to take a culture of the bacteria and send it to the lab. Some abcesses are not MRSA infections, and others may be MRSA infections. MRSA can be very serious in elderly or immunocompromised patients, and will many times present as localized abcesses in the healthy patinet.
	Had absolutely no problem with acid reflux while taking Nexium.	"1 dose per day completely eliminated acid reflux.



From Nexium

Take this medication by mouth usually once daily at least 1 hour before a meal, or as directed by your doctor.



Do not crush or chew the capsule(s). Swallow the capsule(s) whole. If you have difficulty swallowing this medication whole, the capsule may be opened and the contents sprinkled onto soft food (cold applesauce or yogurt), or emptied into a small amount of water, orange juice, or apple juice and taken as directed. Rinse the container with an additional small amount of liquid and drink the contents to make sure the entire dose is taken. Do not chew the food/medication mixture or prepare a supply in advance; this may destroy the drug and/or increase side effects.



If needed, antacids may be taken along with this medication.



The dosage and length of treatment is based on your medical condition and response to therapy.



Use this medication regularly in order to get the most benefit from it. Remember to use it at the same time each day. Continue to take this medication for the prescribed length of treatment even if you are feeling better.



Inform your doctor if your condition persists or worsens."
	Seemed to quiet the disease down especially during the first year.  Colonoscopy showed most of the colon healed after that time.  Fistulas no longer occurred and stayed healed and erythema on legs did not recur once I started taking this.	TNF blocker.
	restored moisture, decreased itching, decreased urinary symptoms	Using Premarin cream has almost completely reversed the symptoms of vaginal atrophy such as itching, burning, and urinary discomfort.
	Mucous very diminished, therefore, coughing has almost disappeared.  Not sure whether my condition is a form of asthma, COPD, or what, but this medication has so far certainly made it much less bothersome.	I use one puff first thing in the morning when I take my other medications, and one puff at bedtime.  After using, you are instructed to rinse your mouth well.
	less redness in the face	I also wash with sulfa cream now and see a dermatologist yearly.  I did not know that I had rosacea early in life, though I really blushed easily.  I did too much sun tanning as a child and young adult resulting in many burns (mostly mild)  Now I would like to find help for new age spots and large pores and collagen building.  Thanks!
	calm.  The reason that I went to the doctor was my son at 19 just reached full blown schizophrenia.  I was trying to find out his drastic change in behavior for about 4 years taking him to different doctors.  I drug tested him-none- alcohol-none.  My son was not the son I had raised. Started psychiatry doctors and diagnosed  with chronic paranoid schizophrenia.  Medication was prescribed.	3- 20mg tablets a day.  Taking the prozac helped me get myself back together and get on with my life.  The medication  I have taken for little more than ten years.  My family is strong and we are together making good.  Very slow but all going in the right direction.  My choice of going for help was needed.  The family is working on their own challenges.
	The acyclovir was highly effective even though taken late - ie a week or more after I first got shingles.  It was still spreading 7-10 days later but once I starteed taking this medicine it did clear up.  I was also relieved that I had very little lasting nerve pain afterwards	as above - I was prescribed this medication for severe shingles, which went from my calf up to my lower back on my left side.  They covered the left lower side of my body extensively.  Treatment occured late due to many doctor's reluctance to treat me whilst i was breastfeeding.  However treatment became essential and I was prescribed them about 7 or maybe more days after first going to the doctor.  This treatment did work with no bad effects on myself or my baby through the breastmilk
	anti-inflammatory and pain reduction claims.  I didn't notice much difference in the pain but the inflammation went down after a few weeks (not while taking the medication).	Take the medication every several hours as prescribed for 3 days.  I didn't think this medication did anything.
	Hypothyroidism treatment -- restores proper thyroxine levels in body, not produced by my damaged thyroid gland. Without the medication, I would have not developed properly, and today I would suffer dramatic effects on energy levels, puffiness, cholesterol plaqueing and worse. Asthma and allergy treatment -- Ability to exercise without wheezing, ability to work outside among natural allergens, ability to clean around dust indoors,	Take as needed
	fewer breakouts (due to both Adapalene and Metrogel) and quicker healing time attributed to Adapalene.	Used at bed time daily.
	Preventative control of asthma symptoms.	This is the best medication I've ever used for my asthma.  It's used to prevent the onset of asthma symptoms, and I've found it to be extremely effective.  I take it once a day, and it virtually eliminates any asthma symptoms/attacks.  I would recommend it to anyone who suffers from asthma.
	This ointment seemed to lessen the severity of the outbreak and duration.	I applied the ointment several times a day.  The sooner the application after the first symptom (usually tingling) the more effective.  As I stated still had the outbreak but the ointment did lessen the severity and duration.
	hydeoquione mitigated uneven tone of face as well as freckles.  It additionally left the skin with a taught texture.  My skin seemd to look 10 years younger	I was seen by my doctor and he thought the medication would be the best route to take for my condition.  I was told to put it on my face three time a week at night. However-  I used it every night
	No diarrhea and better drug efficacy.	My father is in a wheelchair.  For those of you with handicapped family and friends, you know how difficult urinary tract infections can be.  Ciprofloxin was a major break through for UTI's.  Unfortunately, paralyzed men and women have trouble holding their bowel movements due to the "dumping" effect of cipro releasing directly into the gut.  Although not widely promoted just know that Proquin XR has truly changed my father's life.  Instead of being hospitalized once a year due to a UTI, he can now take Proquin XR and continue on with his normal daily life/work etc.  Proquin XR basically allows the body to metabolize more of the medication and this in turn makes the medication more efficacious.  In layman's terms, it works faster and more effectively.  If you have digestive issues due to cipro or any antibiotic, you seriously need to try this medication.  It has not only helped my father but has made my family's life much easier.
	It truly cleared my headache in three days. I felt no reason to finish the meds unless it was necessary. That pretty much sums it up as to say I would recommend it to others in need. I thank the drug and pharmecutical industry much indeed. Again, Thank you.	The treatment took away the migraine headaches. It opened up my head and cleared the mucus that clogged me with sinusitis. I was then able to breathe much better.
	i was told that i have high cholestrol and was very concerned about it so my doctor prescribed Lipitor. I had taken other drugs to lower my cholestrol, but they did not work as well as Lipitor, after taking the lipitor for 3 months my numbers dropped from 311 to 174. that was my goal and it worked... yay	take one pill daily to lower my cholestrol
	I had hit the wall dealing with work, cllients,and family. My general physician asked me to see a therapist to help get me going in the right direction. After one meeting it was recommended by both caregivers that I take something to help me get through this rough spot. After about 3 weeks I started feeling like things were easier to cope with and I was making good decisions and getting things done again.	I take 1 lexapro daily. I have finished up with the therapist. I am feeling great.
	Reduction of symptoms ( extreme tiredness, mild fever and muscle aches, dry cough ) within 24 hours. Resolution of symptoms within 48 hours.	"The drug was started within 24 hours of first symptoms. Following the advice on the packet the tablets were always taken with food ( single serve cheese and crackers ) and some gatorade. I was careful to maintain hydration with Gatorade brand drink. First dose was late afternoon so set alarm clock to wake at 3 am for next dose rather than waiting till i woke up naturally which given my tired state may well have missed a dose then pushed each dose back by 2-3 hours until they were being taken at times more agreable to the bodyclock.



Unfortunately cough returned after skipping a dose on the 4th day of the standard 5 day course. Resolved after 2 doses again so got another packet and continued for 2 days more until symptom free for 24 hours."
	The medication is much cheaper than the other prescription medications like it and works very well.	I had chronic sinus infections due to inflammation and allergies. This medication has worked pretty good and is an alternatice to sinus surgery. If your doctor prescribes a more expensive form of this drug(Nasacort AQ), ask them to let you try Flonase first. It worked for me.
	Significantly reduced pain and swelling in lower back, hips, knees with in two weeks. Virtally no pain after one month. I have completey stopped all anti inflamitory drugs. Much increased range of motion and can now sit/stand for much longer periods of time with no pain.	.
	erradication of actinic keratoses. Patient has a history of squamous cell carcinoma	the entire face was treated 1 per day
	Within two weeks I found the hot flashes had subsided.  After 4 weeks I no longer had night sweats.  It took 3 or 4 months for my depression to get better.  The release from depression was tremendous and such a relief.	I take these religiously every day.  The prescription was written by my primary care provider (a female) and even thought much younger than me, she understood immediately my primary concern was the depression; even though the hot flashes and night sweats were uncomfortable.
	the infection vanished after 2 days, I had already tried canesten cream and that did not help cure the infection fully.	One tablet and then cream twice a day for a week. The tablet was taken once only. I used the cream a few more times during the day in the beginning of the treatment when I needed it.
	This drug works great for water retention because it is a potassium-sparing diuretic.  However, it had only a moderate impact on acne. It did seem to help with premenstrual symptoms and cyclical acne, but not a complete cure by any means. No apparent impact on blackheads/hard plugs.	100mg Spironolactone twice daily.  Did not do much for the acne.
	The rx cleared up my conjunctivitus. It was fast & easy to use. I was surpised @ how quickly it worked. It does sting when you use but on the other hand as soon as the pink eye goes away it doesnt sting anymore.	you get a 3 ml eye drop bottle & use 1-2 drops 2-3 x a day until it goes away. I still have half a bottle left.
	Went from severely depressed before starting the medication to almost entirely free of depression a week after starting the medication; helped with insomnia.	I entered a hospuital six years ago for suicidality; I wasn't sleeping, I wasn't eating (I had anorexia nervosa), and I was extremely depressed. I started taking 10mg of Zyprexa the first night I was there. I was really drowsy all the next day, but it waned over a few days (now it doesn't affect my energy level at all.) In about a week, my depression just lifted. This medicine has worked miracles for me- I've been depression-free since starting it- and I wouldn't go off it for any reason.
	Less severe mood swings and irritated moods.  Better able to concentrate.	Effexor for anxiety, siroquel for bipolar disorder to alleviate severity of mood swings.  However, if stopped taking effexor or reduced dosage, onset of manic episodes.
	I have seen a reduction in breakouts and a fresher,more even complection with a rosey look, and my skin is starting to normalize	I combine it with my skin care system and apply it once in the evenings. I will move on to a higher concentration when I finish this tube
	Before the use of vagifem tablets, I had to endure a series of urinary infections after sometimes painful sexual intercourse.  I also had painful cracks in mucoal lining of vulva due to aging and dryness.  After beginning the use of this drug, I found that the ncreased mucous in vagina resolved both of these problems.	Insert 1 tablet vaginally once weekly
	This drug alleviates my allergic responses--itchy eyes and sneezing.  It's effective because if I don't use it, my symptoms return.	I take a pill approximately every 12 hours.  I try to keep well hydrated.
	Diarrhea lessened after about 8 hours, but not until after another 2 severe occurences. Had hoped for quicker, more effective response.	Had severe intestinal irritation afer eating a meal out with Southwestern sausages. Went to emergency room. Was administered Iomodium orally in emergency room and took it later on my own.
	Increased energy; I happened to be without the drug for one week, and felt absolutely terrible - like I was completely knocked down.	The doctor ran a series of blood/chemical tests - thyroid, testosterone and DHEA levels. All were somewhat low, the synthroid in particular. We've started out with fairly low levels of each.
	heal herpeses and prevent from breacing in the feature	Use every day if you have brake out and take at lease 1 pille a week to prevent from future break out.you can combine with zovirax cream and apply to the break out to heal out and take a pill to treat in.Zovirax is a great medication over the counter ....it is very efectivly and i hightly recomended.
	"overall benefits were great. memory has not gotten worse and there is less frustration on my part. Makes my day much better. Although, I have peaks and

lows...my lows have been better."	the treatment was for slowing down the progression of memory loss. And it has!
	My BP is in a normal range when I take this medication. I only require a very low dose.	I took the pill once per day with or with out food. No other treatment was prescribed.
	The benefits of this treatment are the lowering of my bad cholesterol.  I would believe that the other benefits would be less build up plaque in my arteries.	I am taking 40 mg once a day.  I have been taking this drug for the past two years.
	With in three days I felt the surge of energy that I expected. I no longer felt tired all the time. I was able to play with my kids more often and had the energy to work, clean, go to school, and still exercise for one hour a day. I felt alive and more like who I use to be. I'm happy again and currently have dropped 12 dress sizes thanks to my doctor and this medication he prescribed.	My blood pressre dopped. I lost 103 lbs to date. I had increesed energy and had a better since of who I was and who I wanted to be.
	Depression free most days.	My depression is due to a chemical imbalance.  I have been taking some form of SSRI for 20 years and I'm pretty certain I will always have to.
	The Night sweats are almost non-existent now - occurring very irregularly and the vaginal dryness is remarkably better.	Application of one gel packet once daily to either thigh. I have found that during one week of the month when the vaginal dryness is at it's peak it helps to use two packets.  This was approved by my physician.
	The treatment benefits were huge - all hot flashes stopped within 1 week, skin dryness subsided, irritability was greatly reduced and energy levels are much higher.	Post surgical hysterectomy, started into immediate menopause with all above symptoms, felt drained, tired, hot flashes. Was put on 1mg estrace once a day. The doctor says I will be on for approx. 10 years.
	Experienced significant mood improvement in 2 weeks, increasingly more apparent over time. Where other medications had not worked, or had adverse side effects, Wellbutrin did not. This after several years of trial and error with other anti-depressants.	Extreme depression over a period of 12 years, seemingly untreatable. Multiple medication combinations were tried via trial and error. These included Zyprexa, Effexor (induced mild mania over time), Paxil, Prozac, and others. These were prescibed by a series of psychiatrists over the dozen years or so. Patient has stabilized in the past three years and is relatively happy with hid mood levels and stability.
	My husband started taking Aciphex when it first came out because he could not take any of the others. He started getting better after few months and stopped taking it afew times because insurance would not approve it. He immediately became ill and ended up in the hospital. Now after 6 yrs my husband has no symptoms other than occasional acid reflux when eating anything with tomato sauce.	My husband tried all of the other acid reducers on the market, over the counter and prescriptions. Aciphex is the only medicine he can take and live a happy ,normal healthy lifestyle without becoming sick.My husband still takes the Aciphex, but if he had to can actually go for months without it.
	Hair regrowth in crown area	One pill taken orally daily
	I used the product to try to reduce previous sun damage as well as discoloration and wrinkles created by aging (I'm currently 50).  I feel the product did even out my skin tone at least somewhat however did not remove the larger areas of discoloration due to sun damage.  Overall the condition of my skin did improve, however the effects were not as dramatic as hoped.  This may be due to the discontinuation of the 0.05% formulation which would of course be more potent that the 0.02% that I could get.  I will try Retin A next time around to go for the 0.05% and see if results improve further.	My skin care program prior to Renova was wash with Cetaphil, tone with a Paula Begoun antioxidant toner, 8% glycolic acid gel, moisturizer.  Same in the evening.  After adding Renova, same routine in morning but in evening I went to:  Wash with Cetaplil, tone with same product as before, wait 30 minutes, apply Renova.  On alternate nights, I add a Skin Recovery Antioxidant about 30 minutes after the Renova.
	I have no more panic attacks, it helped to reduce anxiety, to improve the mood. I feel the old myself again and can function well at work.Sometimes I still experience anxiety attacks but they are not severe. I highly recommend this drug due to minimum of side effects in comparison with other antidepressant drugs.	The treatment is supposed to last 1-1.5 years
	Before taking Lexapro, I had constant anxiety.  I wasn't haveing panic attacks on a regular basis, but I was having them one in awhile.  My anxiety presented itself more in constant worrying, waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall asleep, and feeling tired but restless all the time.  I was moody and impatient, and obsessed about little, insignificant things all of the time.  Once I started taking Lexapro, that all changed.  It did all go away completely, but i can manage the slight symptoms I experience now.  I am much happier, much more stable, but more successful in my life.  I know others on it (my husband), and they have experienced the same kind of success.	I have taken 10 mg a day, every day, for the last 3 years.  It took a few weeks for the medicine to take effect (about 2) and the chance was gradual, but one day i woke up and noticed that I felt normal.  It has been wonderful for me and I am very thankful I have access to it.
	"Significantly reduced symptoms of menopause, including eliminated all hot flashes (as long as the drug is being taken), reduces skin dryness that occurred after hysterectomy, and preserved sex drive. 

preserve sex drive"	Doctor told me I could take as little as 1/4 tablet per day if I wanted. I take one per day and I am very happy with the results. If I accidentally skip one day, I know fairly soon that I have missed it because I get chills or start to have hot flashes.
	Miracle drug for anyone who's deathly afraid of giving speeches or oral presentations. Eliminates the whole butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling, racing heart, sweaty palms and allows you to focus on what your doing and do it properly rather than worry about how nervous you are.	"The doc first suggested that I take paxil every day for 3 wks before a speech and then get off it. I had to push her to prescribe me Inderal instead because I had researched all the drugs extensively and new what I was looking for. Never rely entirely on the judgement of doctors, always verify their advice and do your own research.  It can save you time, money and alot of side effects.  



I take 3 small tablets and hour before a major speech or presentation (about once a year).  I am thinking about using it for situational anxiety as another user suggested, I had never thought about it as I try to stay as far from drugs as possible and I only use them in extreme situations, but I have missed many networking opportunities because of my anxiety and I think that this drug would have helped.  I have not experienced any side-effects.  I don't think the drug has significantly risky long-term effects.  I think the long-term negative effects of situational anxiety are far worse then the potential risks of inderal."
	Easy to use, no scent, absorbed quickly, rash cleared up	Contact dermatitis due to detergent allergy on hands.  Wouldn't go away with over the counter medications.  Used Elidel twice daily for approx one week.  Used gloves on hands at night to increase effectiveness of the product.  , no odor.  non greasy.  Cleared up the condition nicely.
	This is the only treatment, besides cortizone shots, that had any effect.  My outbreaks consisted of opened , cracked sores (up to 9 at a time)on my fingers that were extremely painful. With a shot of cortizone every couple of years, Clobex takes care of the rest.  When I do not have an outbreak( and outbreaks are very mild if I treat them right away, I only use it a couple of times a week for prevention. I should mention that I need to be very careful and use gloves for many household cleaning tasks.	Put a very small amount on my hands, smooth over all of my fingers.  Use twice a day during an active outbreak.  Use a couple of times a week thereafter, as prevention.  I also use lots of moisturizer and wear gloves for cleaning tasks, etc.
	disappearance of very severe symptoms of acid reflux and excessive stomach acid production which included ulceration on the esophagus and stomach lining.	40 mg. once a day and more recently (for the past 5 or 6 years) 40 mg. every two days.
	, other anti-depresson pills usually made me stop taking them because of the side effects, but Prestiq had none. I actually felt better after taking my pill, I was more bubbly and felt like my old self. I was also less aggravated and could think more clearly.	I would take one pill before bed time each day. I have noticed as with other anti-depressants I would have to take them at bed-time or they would keep me awake. I didn't notice any problems with prestiq when taken in the morning.
	I suffered with terrible allergies, itchy eyes, runny nose, sneezing and cough.  Using Flonase stopped all allergy symptoms within just a few days.	Once a day nasal spray, spray once in each nostril. It is very easy to use and works vey well.
	Did not notice much difference in decrease of rosacea bumps or redness but the bumps seemed to increase briefly after I got off the Oracea. For approximately one week after discontinuing use. I used in conjunction with topical Finacea, which I applied twice a day, also prescribed for rosacea.	Take one pill a day. Must take one hour befor eating or two hours after with plenty of water. Also need to avoid sunlight while on this product though that is a good recommendation for skincare regardless of medication.
	I just filled all this out to get to read the info pack on skin care, but I accidentally logged out of it somehow and don't know how to get back in other than doing this all over again so that is what I'm doing - and I'm pissed.	Once a day and that's it. Now do I get to get back into my reading
	pill added nothing to the treatment process	I was prescribed fluconazole (pill taken orally) and clotrimazole (cream applied topically) for the treatment of candida.  I was first told to take the pill, and then use the cream in 3 days if the pill did not work to reduce the yeast infection.  I took the pill for 3 days alone, without the cream, and saw no improvement.  I took the pill plus the cream for 4 more days, and it slowly started to clear up.  I was told that one pill, taken once, and not repeatedly each day, should have cleared it up.
	None	I saw the primary care physician for neck and hip pain, she prescribed skelaxin and physical therapy.  The physical therapy was the treament that worked, along with simple ibuprofen.  Skelaxin did not help with muscle relaxation, and I did not refill the prescription--at over $100 for a 30 day supply!
	elimination of all symptoms related to the urinary tract infection including frequency of urination, pain upon urination, and urgency of urination	Took one tablet in the morning and one in the evening.  As it had to be taken on an empty stomach I took the tablet about 1 hour before breakfast, and one hour before dinner. Instructions were to avoid dairy products 6 hours before and 2 hours after taking this medication, but I found this to be too restrictive, and so I did not adhere to this recommendation.
	stopped circular thinking/anxiety.  Also allowed me to keep focused on tasks and what was going on around me.  eliminated suicidal thoughts and allowed me to be more positive.  Improved my relationship with others by allowing me to not be self focused and pay attention to the other person	just taking one pill per day at the same time (AM)
	I found the treatment was very helpful exspecially around my menstral cycle. I use to feel like I could crawl out of my skin two weeks before my period after starting zoloft I notice a considerable difference.I also felt anxious and restless which has subsided with the use of the zoloft.	First you must be diagnosed with either anxiety or mild to moderate depression. You begin at a lower does to see how you manage with that then eventually if need be your perscriber can increase the dose. Their is no special time of the day to take it and you do not have to eat with it. The most important thing is it does not alter how you feel through out the day you do not get a sensation of being high or druged. There is no lasting effect, if you stop the drug it is out of your system the next day.
	less sneezing, less nasal congestion, less eye irritation, improved energy, improved sleep at night.	Tried a variety of other medications without success. I am still on Zyrtec, even though I pay a lot more for it. I also use Nasonex, which helps, but not to the same scale as Zyrtec.
	I would sell my soul to the devil to obtain this miracle pill.  In a little as 30 minutes the intense pain and nausea are gone after one zomig.  I have had migraines since in my early teens where I was unable to function for as long as 48 hrs.  I have lost jobs, missed family outings and missed many opportunties due to migraine,  Zomig changed all of that and allowed me to take the medication and go to work and all the outings that I had missed.  I had a young family when I discovered Zomig and it was like a miracle was handed to me.	None
	He was able to go to college and while he still wasn't the greatest student, he managed to get all assignments in on time. He rarely skipped classes. This was not at all true when he was in high school (prior to starting the medication.)	"He was initially started on Concerta but he felt that the effects ""kicked in"" as he was leaving school and was having trouble sleeping (even though it was more than 12 hours later.)

He started on Adderall XR 30 just once daily and he was slightly more attentive but adding the second dose was more helpful. Interestingly, he states he does not particularly enjoy being more attentive and does not take it when he does not have school."
	On Zocor my total cholesterol was lowered below 200 and my LDL was lowered below 100. I currently take Zocor 40mg and could probably reduce the amount I take to 20mg if I would dedicate myself to a serious diet and exercise program. I am a nurse and work nights so this is difficult. Zocor has kept my cholesterol down and reduced my risk for cardiovascular problems.	I started out on Zocor 20mg and with diet and exercise was able to keep my cholesterol levels low. However, I started working as a night shift nurse and not eating as well and had to increase my dose to 40mg. This dose has kept my cholesterol levels under control even with lack of regular exercise and not the best diet.
	The treatment benefits were to counteract underactive thyroid conditions. Specifically, it kept my metabolism from being too slow, which meant that it diminished face swelling, kept my skin and hair from becoming dry, and from me feeling unusually cold and tired.	I am taking .125 of Synthroid once a day, every day. I take it in the morning, before I eat any food.
	I started taking 30 MG's of Lipitor for one year; the next year I reduced to 20 MG's and have done so well, I am now (and for the past 3 yrs.) on 10 MGs per day. I have  at all from this drug; and have blood workup done yearly.	Treatment details were listed above
	made the condition tolerable so that I could work.  I am highly allergic to poison ivy and it lingers usually for three weeks.  On these drugs I was down to under two weeks and could still work.  Totally controlled the weeping.	Take the Prednisone on a sliding scale for two weeks, starting with five tablets a day and ending with one a day.  Taking the generic Allegra twice a day initially, say for the first day or two, and then just once a day.
	Male patern baulding was reversed significantly.	I started taking Propecia 4 years ago. Initially I took it daily as prescribed. Over about 12 or 13 months I noticed a significant reversal in my male pattern bauldness. Thereafter I slowly reduced the doseage and now only take 1 tablet once per week. My hair has not receded as a result.
	The benefits of treatment were a lifting of depression, specifically as it relates to Wellbutrin, to elevate the ceiling of emotions. It also had a midly energizing effect.	I've used wellbutrin in combination with other anti-depressants, but it is usually the other one (Zoloft, Prozac, Effexor) that loses it's effect after time. Wellbutrin has remained consistently reliable and contributes to the livlier aspects of mood elevation for me.
	It relieved symptoms of conjuctivitis including iching, dryness, soreness, buildup of mucus and sensitivity to light.  Symptoms seem to clear up quickly and render the patient non infectious after 24 hours of treatment.  It can be given to pregnant women with no adverse effects to the unborn child	The drug is a liquid administered in an eye drop form.  It is self delivered into the eye.  2 drops are given in the affected eye up to 3 to 4 times daily for a total of 7 to 10 days.
	The treatment benefits were that the skin on my face eventually returned to almost normal.  No more white scaly skin cells, no more red patches and lumps, which i think was inflammation, no more slight soreness, whilst using the cream.	I applied the gel to my face-underneath the eyes and on both sides of my nose twice a day for two months initially. There was a great improvement though it didn???t get rid of the condition completely.  I found the sun agravated the condition and the rednes and scaly skin would return and then I would use the cream for about a month until the rosacea disappeared.
	My blood pressure levels were controlled quite well.  However,  they spike from time to time,  not dropping until I take another dose.	"The medication was prescribed to control symptoms of high blood pressure and water

retention that I was experiencing.  



I was also advised to adhere to a low-sodium diet and to exercise moderately.  This and taking the medication faithfully has served well to decrease  high blood 

pressure symptoms.  However,  water retention has not significantly reduced."
	The benefits are less depression and better mood. It took about two weeks until I started to feel better but now I feel I may need something a bit stronger as I feel I am too used to taking this medication. I plan to ask for a higher dosage or different medication.	I don't really know what the details would be except that I started with 20mg and was increased to 30mg within two weeks.
	I AM GOING THROUGH MENOPAUSE, UP EVERY 20 MIN. HOT FASHES/COLD FASHES, NO SLEEP AT ALL. MOODY. ( MAY BE FROM LACK OF SLEEP). ALL DAY WORKING ONE MIN HOT NEXT MINUTE COLD. I STARTED THE PREMPRO IT TOOK ABOUT  2-3 WEEKS BUT NOW I SLEEP THROUGH THE NIGHT NO HOT FLASH, NO COLDNESS AND NOT NIGHT/DAY SWEATING. MY MOOD HAS IMPORVED. I DID GO OFF IT  FOR 3 MONTHS AND ALL THE SYSTEMS CAME BACK. I WENT ON IT AND I WILL NOT GO OFF IT AGAIN. IT REALLY DID MAKE A DIFFERENCE FOR ME.	1 PILL EVERY DAY.
	The benefits were not good, and this drug was very expensive and was not effective at all for the problem I was experiencing.  At the time when I was experiencing complications from the implants, I truly believed that my Doctor did not prescribed the drug in time.  The literature I read on this drug claims that it is more likely to work if used early in the treatment of Capsular Contracture.	I was required to take Accolate for three months to promote softening of my Breast Implants. The 20mg tablets were to be taken twice daily along with continued daily massage of my breasts.  My Doctor said that the treatment had more chances of being effective if used early in detecting the Capsular Contracture (My treatment was started 5 months after the breast implant surgery).  If the treatment didn't work, he advised, I would need surgery.
	Reduced prostate pain.	I took this medication to reduce pain I was experiencing with my prostate.  It took about two to three weeks after which the pain was significantly reduced.  I was also experiencing a sense of tightness in this area that it eliminated.
	Lexapro seemed to work well for me.  I suffered from panic attacks in the past and the Lexapro definitely helped with these.  The Lexapro also assisted with symptoms of depression.	My doctor started me on a very low dose to treat some situational depression and panic attacks.  The 10mg did not work well enough and eventually I was given 15 and then 20.  The 20mg seemed to do the trick without any additional side effects.
	My total cholesterol was lowered from 237 to 165 in 4 weeks. My HDL (good cholesterol) numbers were up and the LDLs (bad cholesterol) went down. My triglycerides were lowered as well.	I had a heart scan after experiencing exercise-induced arrhythmia. One artery had 20-30% blockage, while the others were clear. Crestor and low dose aspirin were prescribed as an "aggressive form" of treatment. The cardiologist was very pleased with the results after only a month's trial. I would recommend Crestor to anyone contemplating statin treatment.
	I have had stomach troubles my entire life. When I was pregnant they were unbearable.  I could never take the pill because of nausea. I noticed that when I was 45 the nausea was associated with my cycle, becoming most intense just prior to my period.  My gastroenterologist prescribed Nexium, which I took for a year, maximum dosage, daily and then tapered off. Then the other symptoms above emerged. When I started with the progesterone all these symptoms subsided significantly and I rarely ever have stomach problems now.	Prior to taking the oral treatment I used the cream, to avoid the digestive tract altogether.  This was fine for about a year, but then the symptoms reappeared.  My physician felt that something was interfering with the absorption of the hormones and so prescribed the oral pill and the symptoms have nearly disappeared and I have had no associated stomach problems.   I am convinced that much of my stomach problems throughout my life were associated with a hormonal imbalance, but cannot prove this.  I do know that this is the best my stomach has ever been in my entire life, for whatever reason.
	The runny nose would stop about 30 minutes after I used flonase, but would return again within hours after taking the medication. It definitely cleared my sinuses, but sometimes left my nose feeling dry. Probably better as a sinus clearer than at alleviating all allergy symptoms.	Treatment only involved twice a day use, squirting the liquid up each nostril. Not inconvenient at all.
	Allegra minimized the allergy symptoms without the side effect of drowsiness that is typical of over-the-counter allergy medications such as Benadryll.  After taking the drug, congestion is greatly reduced and the constant sneezing stops.  However, Allegra is not very effective for itchy, dry eyes, which continues to be a problem during peak allergy season.	One tablet is taken per day whenever allergy symptoms are moderate to severe.  No medication is taken on days when allergies are mild.
	lower blood presure,ability to exercise for a longer period of time with out chet pain, same activity while on coreg results in an average reduced heart rate of 20 beats per min.when off the drug exersise tolerance was greatly diminished resulting in angina	taken .25 in the am. then .25 in the evening
	My skin is clear and people have complimented me on the appearance of my complexion.  My rosacea is under control, my hyperpigmentation is fading	I alternate glycolic acid 20% cream, tretinoin .05% cream, or Noritate cream under day or night moisturizer (ie a different treatment applied morning and night; the next day starts with treatment not used previously)
	Completely cleared up the condition. Without using messy creams, or powders.  Prevented it from spreading to other body parts.	Took one pill orally per day for a period of 40 days.
	well, the main treatment benefit was that it did help me go to sleep faster, even better than the melatonin that I was taking before i went to bed. Another benefit of taking this prescription drug was that it helped me with my anxiety. I have considerably much less anxiety than I did before taking this.	1-2, 1 milligram pills per day as needed.
	"got relived from migraine , nausea, head aches



Works in 30 mins

It is oral tablet available in both 5mg and 10mg dosages"	I took once a week
	I must have tried 15 different blood pressure meds over the last 7 years.  None of them worked.  I was on Benicar, but the insurance no longer covered it.  So my Dr. switched me to Losartan.  WOW, what a difference.  I now have perfectly normal blood pressure.	See above.
	I have trouble sleeping -- I usually toss and turn all night, sleep a couple of hours and wake up.  Normally, I never get a complete night's rest.  After my doctor prescribed Lunesta, it was the first time in a very long time, that I was able to sleep from the time I laid my head on the pillow until my alarm sounded in the morning.	The treatment involved taking one pill in the evening right before bed.  Lunesta works relatively fast, so you do not want to take it unless you are going right to bed because you become drowsy within 10 minutes.
	Aromasin's treatment benefits are unknown.  I have not had a reoccurance of breast cancer while on the drug, though unsure we can attribute that with the drug treatment itself.  Perhaps there are other positive health-related items coming into play, such as exerciase and eating habits.  Not aware of any side effects or adverse reactions.  Drug is very expensive, however.	After breast cancer treatment of chemo. and radiation I was put on Tamoxifen for several years, about 5 years.  After Tamoxifen, it was recommended that I start taking Aromasin, which I have done for about 3 years.  My doctor said it is not known how long women should be on Aromasin and still receeve a benefit from taking the drug.
	Resolve my itchiness and redness at both joints of my arms and the "circular" itchness spots went away couple days after application	Per my dermatologist dignosis, I had dry-weather induced eczema, so he prescribed me with this cream to treat the condition. I have no other complications or co-committing disease, so only a small box of aquerous cream is given for moisturing purpose.
	enabled me to quit smoking, I think it works well, and even better combined with zyban/bupropion	Choose a future date to quit smoking. (I picked a date 3 months in advance)Start taking the pills a couple weeks before the quit date.  I actually started smoking less without trying.  Chantix interfers with the pleasure receptors in your brain, so smoking is not very satisfying.  I have now been smoke free for 1 month.
	Vyvanse has greatly improved my mood and the way I look at the day .I am able to concentrate and finish a job. I am also in a much better mood than when just on the antidepressant. I am less  prone to get angry ,irritated ,impatient and to "fly of the handle".I take it after lunch and it keeps me going till at least 8 pm. I accomplish alot more in a day. And best of all feel good about myself.Vyvanse does not give you that dropped feeling when it is wearing off.	"adderall 30mg. in morning .Helps me get up

Vyvanse 50mg early in the day, keeps me productive all day long"
	The ointment kept the symptoms of the dermatitis(i.e. itching, scaling and cracking) to a minimum.  As long as the treatment was part of my daily regiment it was very effective.	The application is very simple.  Just apply the ointment to the affected area(bottoms of my feet) twice a day.  The Dr. recommended I exfoliate the area regularly to remove any build-up of skin.  Following that recommendation I would use a pumice stone 4-5 times a week prior to applying the treatment.
	Total recouperation from a long battle with acid reflux and stomach pains.	Following my initial dose of the medication it would take several hours for my symptoms to subside. They did subside in the first days but would return after about 8 hours or so.  After about a week of daily dosing my acid reflux did not return regularly and my stomach pains subsided as well.  By the end of week 2 I was symptom free. After I stopped my course of treatment many weeks went by with no return of symptoms. Since then, I have had one flare up.  I restarted my course of treatment with the same results and now have been close to a year symptom free.  I am very, very happy with Nexium.
	Alleviated my despair, gave me back some control of my emotions and motivated me to work harder at managing my depression and get out of the house.	Before I started taking Effexor I had tried Lexapro and Cymbalta with unsatisfactory results.  Having weaned off those, it was hard just to get out of bed - I was missing work and couldn't hold it together at all.  Within a couple of days of taking this I started to feel better.  It's been the best so far at managing my depression but I still needed other drugs to help with mood swings and anxiety.  Overall a good payoff, just wish it was generic!
	The benefit was a reduction the fatigue that I was feeling on a daily basis.	The treatment plan is one pill daily, the prescription comes in monthly doses and is renewed indefinitely. Regular blood test are done to test the amount of thyroid hormone in the blood system.
	I could not observe any benefits: my blackheads remained as they were, and acne remained. Probably my problem was not severe enough to see the results, however, due to no observed change I stopped using it.	I was prescribed to use 2 cream gels - duac and tazorac. I was using small amount of each: duac as night cream, and tazorac as a day cream.
	Less pain in joints and back. Was able to do activities with my daughter  again. I stopped taking it for about 6 weeks and noticed a significant increase in pain. When I resumed taking it and symptoms faded.	Three tablets daily.
	loss of stiffness and more mobility.  After a heavy weight workout, taking Miotrin relieved the stiffness and iflamation around lower back.  Next day mobility and flesibility was much greater, and less pain.	either before or after a workout, usually take about 800 mg of Motrin with lots of water or a glass of milk. Also, use a heating pads against lower back.  It works great with motrin.
	Stopped hair loss, restored skin tone, normalized body fat/lean ratio, restored energy, restored normal sleep pattern and quality (had been waking feeling groggy, never felt rested)	After trying Synthroid and Levoxyl (both T4 only, no T3, and both synthetic rather than bioidentical), and also for a while adding Cytomel (T3 only, also synthetic) over the course of about 3 years and having erratic results, little reduction of symptoms, and difficulty stabilizing dose, I asked my doctor if I could try Armour, since my mother, who has been hypothyroid for most of her life, found that brand to be her best choice.  My body responded immediately.
	I have had excellent results with the drug.  I no longer have a negative or indifferent attitude towards life.  I am generally content and am capable of enjoyment.  I am still capable of feeling appropriate negative emotions but don't get stuck in them.	I was diagnosed with mild chronic depression.  I took Prozac for approximately two years but it began to no longer work, even after raising the dosage.  My doctor switched to Paxil.  I tried getting off of it on two occasions, but both times, after about two months, the depression returned.  Paxil continues to work for me; however, I am concerned about potential long-term side effects.
	I dont have days that seem so dark that there is no hope for the future any more. If I am up set about something I can still function and not spend time hibernating and not functioning. I sleep regularly where before I had nights where I would not get any sleep at all. Activities are more enjoyable. I enjoy life more.	take one tablet once a day every day for the rest of my life. take one tablet once a day for the rest of my life.  take one tablet a day before breakfast wait 30 minutes before eating. take with one glass of water seems to work beter if I take it in the morning before I have anything to eat and wait 30 minutes before having breakfast.
	lower top/bottom reading numbers. I really don't understand the readings but initially they were like 140/90. now they read 120/70.	Missed a few doses while traveling. was reminded by slight headache which doesn't occur otherwise. contacted pharmacy for a 6 day amount. headache cleared.
	Imitrex has been a godsend.  After years of suffering pain and interruption of life due to migraines, just one little pill, either at the onset of pain or even when migraine is full-blown and pain is reliefed within 30 minutes.	At the onset of pain or even if migraine is full-blown, take one tablet with water and lie down if possible. Pain is reliefed within 30 minutes.  Only rarely, a second dose may be required if pain is very intense.
	Xanax is extremely effective and works very quickly.I have also noticed that some days I might not need it at all.I neither smoke nor drink alcohol so do not consider myself an addictive personality.Just need some extra coping skills for highly stressful emotional domestic situations	"Prescribed by a Psychiatrist.He advised me to take continuously for the first two weeks to break down cycle of anxiety and then gradually decrease dose and use on as needed basis.This works well

I am very annoyed about the bad press surrounding use of Xanax as myself and others who have been prescribed the Medication can use it in a mature manner.Generally people of good judgement and living clean lifestyles are at little risk for addiction.Xanax was produced to help with specific problems possibly due to chemical inbalances in brain or traumas."
	My name is Nick Gikas- I considered myself a bit of a playboy until I caught a dose off a 54 year old pre-op tranny hooker-$250 NOT well spent. However, after seeing my local friendly doc and spending considerable time in hospital, this stuff cleared up Mr Tiny in no time. However, my arse is still in tatters and I've had to downscale from marrows to cucumbers in my spare time.	After being on drip for considerable time now crush tabs and rub them directly into helm
	blood pressure in check just have to visit the doctor once a year blood pressure now is 80/130	I take 1 pill daily at night. I don't have any nausea or sleeplessness because of it. I tried to bring my blood pressure down with diet and exercise.It is supposedly hereditary. I am 50 and in good shape.
	Required only one application per month, rather than having to take a pill everyday. Was also a lower dosage than the pill, which seems better. Because it is not ingested there was no nausea.	A plastic ring which releases hormones over a period of three weeks to provide contraceptive benefits. It is inserted into the vagina after your period, left for three weeks and then removed to allow for the next period.
	Lower blood pressure	Cozaar, an angeotensin receptor blocker, lowered my blood pressure without side effects.
	Improved sleep, reduced night sweats.  I was experiencing extremely severe insomnia as a result of hormonal fluctuations.  I was down to about 2-4 hours of sleep a night and had tried many approaches, including meditation, herbal supplements, etc.	I have been using Gabapentin as an off-label approach to minimize night sweats and adrenalin "rushes" at night that caused sleep disturbance.  I began with 100 mgs and increased dosage to 400 mgs which was effective.  I understand from my OB/Gyn that most people can use smaller doses (100-300).  I am really grateful to have this help!
	This regimen eliminated, for the most part, the pain, stiffness, and exhaustion experienced with rheumatoid arthritis.	Initially, stronger drugs such as cortisone were needed to control and stabilize the rheumatoid arthritis.  Once that was accomplished, the Plavix/Mobic treatment has been consistently effective for quite a few years.
	The pimples become dry. At first there was formation of new pimples, but then pimples started gradually go away; overall the skin started looking healthier and cleaner.	applied the gel in the morning and at night on nose, cheeks, forehead, and chin.
	none-I'm still taking it until the bottle runs out (like 3 more months) but I'm not optimistic. My dermatologist said toe nail fungus is really hard to treat. I have it on my big toe and it's not pretty. I tried homemade remedies first-white vinegar, hydrogen peroxide and Vicks vapo rub (which didn't work either but I swear better than both of the medications) The I tried Naftin gel for 3 months and now the paint-on Penlac generic.	Paint the nail lacquer onto the infected nail, one coat a day, At the end of the week, remove it with alcohol and start the process all over again. Unfortunately, it seems like my nail isn't growing, which is why I'm afraid if I remove the nail (with a podiatrist) that it may not grow back-my dermatologist agrees I should not have the nail removed; she wants me to live with it. She says that even with Lamasil and all that expense and liver damaging drug, the fungus can still come back in 2 months.
	Premarin had a postiive effect on my moods, my skin was less dry and wrinkled and my weight gain distribution around my stomach decreased. In addition, my overall weight loss increased with proper diet and exercise. Prior to increased Premarin, this was not attainable.	Take premarin twice a day with once a day Progresterin.
	When I was taking the medication it did lower my cholesterol. I cannot recall my exact cholesterol levels but they were high because at 30 years old my DR prescribed Lipitor. When my Dr. resteted my cholesterol levels he was impressed. Lipitor worked wonderfully and I was out of "dangerous" cholesterol levels.	I took the pill once a day for 1 year.
	stomach did not hurt any more. no more reflux in the middle of the night.I did not have to take it with any regard to food. the once a day dose mad it easy,did not have to take doses with me to work.	take 1 tab a day for 60 days.
	After 4 to 5 days on the medication, Claritin greatly reduces itchiness, sneezing, scratchy throat associated with seasonal allergies	Take 1 Claritin tablet every day during allergy season. I take the dose every moring. Again, 1 pill per day each morning during allergy season
	I have had asthma for years and take albuterol.  I heard about this new inhaler from a physician at work. He stated that it was a more pure form of the drug.  At the time he stated it was expensive to get. At the same time we were finding out that albuterol was being discontinued.  The replacement had a horrible taste to it. My son who has severe asthma was even refusing to take the new inhalor. I asked my physician for it specifically at my next visit. He did not hesitate to provide me the prescription.  My insurance company doesn't pay much of anything so I worried they would not cover it and they did.  I was very happy that it worked so well with no funny taste.	two puffs as needed every four hours.  I have taken albuteral and it does help but this is awesome. It works within seconds and you don't get shaky
	It somewhat relieved my heartburn for a few days.	Because of the high cost of my prescription Previcid, I tried Prilosec OTC.  It seemed to calm my heartburn for about 3-4 days.  Then the heartburn returned along with nasaus.  I continued Prilosec for about 10 days, but my heartburn became too intense and I reverted back to Previcid.  Previcid seems to be the only drug that completely stops the heartburn.
	eliminates stuffiness.  best when applied after one dosage of over the counter (afrin ) or similar.	with vicodin i take it at the sign of a headache so that i do not have to take it every 4 to six house.. i never take it at night because it causes insomnia
	Acne healed quickly with no other adverse reactions to the drug.	Used morning and night after cleansing - acne healed quite quickly- even the the cysts under the skin surface-with no adverse reactions to drug- not drying at all even to my very sensitive skin.
	Immediately controled palpitations associated with mild to moderate mitral valve regurtitation	one time daily
	The combination of Lamictal and Effexor eliminated severe mood swings betweens hypomania and depression, and made my depression manageable.	"Morning: 1 capsule (150MG) Effexor XR; 1 tablet 100MG Lamictal.

Evening: 2 tablets 100MG Lamictal."
	will see with time photo damage reduction.  Sun exposure ++ growing up in South Africa so fine lines and facial scar due to dog bite.  I have some medical training so am interested to see if any skin improvement	taken for mild acne but curious about photo damage reduction.  Will take for next year and see
	I had my first migraine at age 10 and suffered for almost 60 years. Then Imitrex--a miracle!  Imitrex, finally, gave me my life back. As I get older and am now retired (72) and have less stress, I use the stat dose once or never during the year. The 50mg tablet usually returns me to normal within an hour. A "generic" has become available but is less Imitrex and more Naprosin, an anti-inflammatory,  which is cheaper for the manufacturer but not good long-term for the patient. My doctor is keeping me on the brand name. However, Humana has dropped Imitrex coverage, not wanting to pay the high cost, which never gets lower as the manufacturer won't release the patent.  Now I'm worried, having to pay the entire cost myself, which is impossible.  It's a horrible dilemma.  I can't pay for it and they won't.  What now?	I don't know what you mean by "details."
	I have found the product to be the only thing to work for autoimune Ulcerative Cholitis.    I was diagnosed with UC at age 43 after extensive testing.   Tried several other products and supplements to keep UC in remission but none have been effective.  The price is very expensive and is out of the reach of those without insurance cost is in the price range of $900 per months.   The company that makes the drug does offer programs for the non insured to receive at very substantial discounts or at no cost	I take 3 capsules once daily in a single dose.  Have done split dose method 2 times per day with no increase or decrease in product action.   Vitamins Beta Carratine, Vitamin E, Vitamin D, Alpha Lipic Acid, Coq10, Glutathione and Chromium Piccalate are also used as supplements
	Benefits were I was able to stay awake during the day. And now that I have esophageal cancer I strongly believe Nuvigil is a big help with the side effects of chemoradiation treatments.	I have since been dianosed with esophageal cancer, I am in a 5 week treatment regimine with chemo and radiation and then i'll be going through surgery. I asked and was told it would be ok to keep taking the Nuvigil during all this and I am really happy that I am able to keep taking it. I really think it is helping me with some of the side effects from the chemoradiation treatments i have been getting. I'm right in the center of treatments now and I am suppose to have the lowest blood cell count now but I don't think so. I see the doctor today and get my first cbc done since I started. I think the Nuvigil is a big help while going through this and I think the doctors are seeing that too. I've been going to work everyday while getting all my treatments. And I'm sure that would not be happing without the Nuvigil.
	Metrogel 1% significantly improved the redness on my cheeks, nose and chin within 3 weeks of use and reduced breakouts of papules due to rosacea triggers.  It was easy to use with no drug interactions.	My dermatologist prescribed clindamycin first for rosacea. I experienced moderate results from the clindamycin but not a significant improvement and still had significant breakouts from rosacea triggers. Metrogel rapidly reduced the overall redness of my skin and significantly reduced the breakouts in severity and duration.
	The tremor is most noticable in my hands, with fatigue my head also becomes tremulous. Inderal is the most effective medication I have taken to control the tremor. Benzodiazipines were tried early on and were ineffective.	When I first noticed the tremor I was seen by a family practice physician who started me on valium to treat the problem. With the valium I was tremulous and sleepy. I saw a neurologist who diagnosed the problem and started me on a different benzodiazipine. It was also ineffective. I am a R.N. I did some research on my own and ask my family M.D. if I could stop the benzo. and try Inderal. He ordered it and it has been an effective treatment for many years. I only take it when the tremor interfers with activities.
	CLEARED UP ULCERATIVE COLITIS AND HAVE NOT HAD RELAPSE SINCE. I WAS DIAGNOSED WITH THIS ILLNESS WHEN I WAS 18. I LOATHED THE INVESTIGATIONS SO MUCH THAT I ONLY KEPT APPOINTMENTS TIL I WAS ABOUT 21. I STOPPED TAKING THE SALAZOPYRIN WHEN I WAS ABOUT 22. I HAD OCCASIONAL PROBLEMS BUT NOTHING THAT DIDN'T CLEAR ITSELF UP. I WENT ON TO HAVE 3 HEALTHY CHILDREN. HOWEVER IN 2001 THE PROB CAME BACK WITH A VENGEANCE AND I NEEDED SURGERY AND WAS VERY ILL - IT WOULD HAVE HELPED IF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION HAD TAKEN SOME INTEREST IN ME AND HADN'T SIMPLY TOLD MW I WAS TRESSED AND TO GO AWAY. PRIVATE CONSULTATIONS FINALLY MEANT THAT I WAS REFERRED TO A CONSULTATN AND HAD THE SURGERY	HAD SURGERY TO REMOVE ABCESS AND PART OF COLON AND NOW TAKE TABLETS DAILY AND AM REVIEWED ANNUALLY BY COLONOSCOPY
	My son came home from college with the flu. Student Health gave him a pack of Tamiflu and he felt better within 24 hours. When I started feeling sick 3 days later, I called my Dr and ask for Tamiflu. I felt almost back to norma lwithin 24 hours.	Just took the pill and drank fluids
	easy prevention of pregnancy.	One pill taken at around the same time daily.  The packaging is easy to follow - it has different stickers so that you can start the pcak on any day, not just Sunday.  This pill is pretty expensive, around $$50 per month.  I think some of the generics are much cheaper.
	This medicine improved irritable bowel symptoms of cramping and constipation. No diarrhea was present before or during course of medicine.	After suffering with worsening IBS symptoms of frequent bowel movements, cramping, and constipation for several years and trying dietary management of symptoms, the hyomax improved my symptoms to a manageable level with the first use.
	stabilized mood, allowed for clearer thinking, improved sleep pattern, felt less anxious, made world look bright again.	Started with 20 mg once daily. This worked for several years. When spouse endured 3 years of life-threatening illness, the dosage was increased to 40 mg taken as 2 20mg pills.
	The treatment benefits were marginal at best.  Mood neither improved nor deteriorated, and anxiety was never significantly alleviated.  Unsurprisingly, recent research suggests that SSRIs are only effective in the most severe of cases.	The pills are administered once a day, daily, for as long as you think it's worth taking them.  The prescribing physician recommended taking Lexapro for at least six months to get the full benefit of its normalizing effects.
	More energy, clearer mind, no depression.	Once daily patch. Adheres well, stays on, minor redness after patch removal on very sensitive skin, but goes away quickly. Patch must be applied to a different defined (by the manufacturer) area everyday.
	Sustained focus, improvement in attention span and greater achievement of daily tasks.  Easy to take, just one pill a day!	Vyvanse is a new medication used to treat ADHD.  It is a time-released capsule.  It is easy to swallow (no bad taste like pressed pills), and does not upset your stomach.  I took one 70mg pill in the morning.  The pill releases the drug slowly, so ur not hit with all of it at one time.  This allows for the medicine to be equally effective all day, not just for a few hours. I did NOT have any of the normal ADHD med. side effects, such as: rapid heart rate, anxiety, jittery feeling.  The only downside to this medication is the cost.  Since Vyvanse is new, there is no generic for it.  I paid $160/month for 30 pills! I was self-pay though, so I'm sure having insurance would be ideal! Although it is very expensive, it is well worth it.
	Control of Panic Attacks that interrupted daily activity. Treatment of sudden increased anxiety, tachycardia, shortness of breathe, due to stress, general anxiety disorder.	"At the start of this disorder I thought I was having a heart attack, was in the Dr's office with an EKG racing at 115 beats fluctuating from 85, short of breath and nurse asking me if I am ok. I simply told her, this is why I am here, for absolutely no reason my body is doing this craziness.  Panic disorder or general anxiety probable cause stress. I did not feel stressed so this confused me further.



One 30 day prescription of 0.25mg pills can last anywhere from two months to six months. As needed works great for me as when I know my heart starts racing and the adrenaline starts pumping for no reason, half of 0.25mg pill will offset that attack. I am also a smoker so reduced 50% absorption, is enough to stop the panic. I do not take this medication daily and have not for over 10 years. I only use it when I can not control the imbalance, if I can not lower my heart rate with breathing etc., I will then take a half which brings it under control.



I believe in my case it is more of an imbalance or even a food allergy causing the disorder, I am glad to have the smallest dosage alleviate the symptoms when needed."
	I began using Vivelle patches shortly after my hysterectomy five and one-half years ago. I have more stability in my moods w/ better emotional control. I have fewer episodes of irritability and feel more calm and collected. I don't experience any of the physical symptoms of menopause like, hot flashes.	I apply a patch about every 4 days, even though my gynecologist recommended one every 3 because my prescription plan will only pay for one pack per month, which only contains 8 patches. Hello! That only covers 24 days. Do they not know that there are at least 30 days in a month?!  By the time the fourth day arrives, I find myself feeling more irritable.  My husband will even notice and say to me, "Did you change your patch recently"? He even notices how much more 'even keeled' I am with it.I used the .1mg patch for 3 and a half years, then went to the .075mg patch for 1 and a half years, and have now been on the .05mg patch for 6 months.  The only reason I tapered it was because of the concerns listed in the research and upon advisement of my physician. I prefer the 1mg patch and would like to use it until I die!  I apply the patch just below my waistline on the left side of my hip area, then when I change it I place the new one in the same area on my right side. It's easy, simple and so-o-o-o- effective!
	I took this medication to treat restless leg syndrome and it was very effective. It made me drowsy at first, but once I took it for a few weeks, it just made my legs stay still so I could sleep.  I was told it is the same medication prescribed for parkinsons patients, but at a much lower dose.  I did need to take a but more as time went on, but it was still effective.  Unfortunately, I had to stop taking it when I got pregnant, since it is a category c medication.	I took one milligram at night to treat the symtoms of restless leg syndrome.  I had a sleep study which showed that my legs about every two minutes while I was sleeping and that brought me out of a deep sleep.  My doctor put me on requip to keep my legs still so I could fall asleep and get better rest.  It worked well.  I had tried all sort of behavioral remedies to help with my legs and nothing had helped until this medication.  I slept better than I ever had since I could really relax instead of waiting for the nightly discomfort in my legs.
	I've suffered with pain for 11 years now.  I was on Loritab for those 11 years.  I was getting 120 10mg filled every 15 days.  They would kind of knock the edge off my body pain but I had a constant headache.  My Dr. recently prescribed me Tramadol.	I take 2 50mg tablets every 4-6 hours (no more than 8 a day).  It has worked wonders for me.  No more headaches and my body is only slightly sore now.  It has elevated my mood simply because it has reduced the pain.
	I need to take this medication a few nights in a row which seems to get my sleep cycle back in sync.  After a few nights of sound sleep I can fall asleep quickly without the need for medication.  My mind is able to stop its endless racing/	I have found the best way to take this medication (once I've had a few nights of my mind racing & not being able to fall asleep) is to take 30 mg. a half hour before bedtime which causes a drowsy feeling even before falling into bed.  A few ights of this procedure & my sleep cycle seems to get back on track & then I don't need the medication, until  another cycle of sleeplessness creeps into my life!
	The yeast stopped coming out in chunks, but was more watery like... Still yeast tho so I wasn't pleased...	I had sex the day after I took the pill with my only partner. I had sex wit him with the yeast infection before I took the pill so if I gave it to him, he probably gave it back to me :( the doc gave me a pill for him and for me. He took his after we had sex. Which was the day after I took mine... Is this y I still hav it? I thought it took days to work that's y I had sex
	cured the hyperemesis I was suffering completely with no noticeable side effects.	I was suffering hyperemesis during pregnancy and was not able to take other anti nausea pills due to side effects and potential risks to the fetus. So this very safe, gentle pill was given to me and it worked perfectly.
	The benefits were that the medication lessened the time and the severity I believe of the shingles outbreak.	I was given the medication later than I should have been becuase the first doctor that I went to said that I was having an allergic reaction to something and gave me a persription for an anti-itch cream. I probably would have gotten better quicker if I had recieved the right medication sooner.
	Within 1 week of taking the cocktail of Abilify and Lexapro, a extremely unorganized person....became organized. I am now able to remember appointment times, keep up with my daily responsibilities...it has been a lifesaver	I take one pill of each 1st thing in the am.....I am feeling better than ever
	I felt the medicine only slightly cleared my acne.  I would say 30% clearer skin.	I felt the medicine only slightly cleared my acne.  I would say 30% clearer skin.; yet I did not want to stop taking it b/c I felt it would get worse.  I also took Predisone 5 days before my menstrual cycle, as I tended to break out more, but did not see a difference.
	Antacids were ineefeective to counteract severe pain and inability to eat. Symptoms reduced within 24 hours and completely dissapeared within 3 days	Acute ulcer was the result of diclofenac sodium taken for the aches and fever. very severe ulceration,pain required tramadole administration. Inability to eat. Antacids were ineffective nexium resolved the symptoms within 48 hours.
	helped to prevent flare by arresting inflammation at the beginning of condition. it was in a cream formulation which made it easy to penetrate skin and ideal for a tropical climate. it was however not useful when the condition- eczema or dermatitis flared up. it is more useful in controlling inflammation at the beginning as opposed to a strong steroid cream used more as a rescue when condition has already flared and has become red and angry.	at 1st sign of pink and itchiness use sparingly and apply emollients over. Once inflammation has seized stop Elidel but continue emollients to help rebuild skin barrier function.
	I was able to breathe more freely after I took this medication and my peak flow meter readings were significantly higher.	I was also using a Q-Var inhaler twice a day during the flare (I normally use it once a day.) My treatment regimen when I have a flare is Q-var at 2 puffs twice a day, and the ProAir inhaler 2 puffs every four hours.
	Nexium  is very effective for me when I want to relieve heartburn. I don't take it everyday, only when I have the symptoms of heartburn due to acid reflux.  The treatment benefits were that my stomach felt better, and I didn't have acid reflux due to the foods I had ingested.	The way I use Nexium is I take it every time a food doesn't sit well and causes acid reflux or I feel it'll cause  I take it.
	I didn't receive any treatment benefits from this drug.  It actually made the symptoms worse with more resistance to antibiotics.  I ended up having to take a different, more powerful antibiotic.  I tried it two separate times with the same results both times.	I was take this to deal with the infection in my chest.
	lowered blood sugar	two pills in the morning and two in the evening.
	Alleviation of post hysterectomy depression and other post menopause symptoms.	Three months after my hysterectomy in 1998 I was hospitalized with severe depression.   The depression went away shortly after starting the Premarin.  My doctors have tried taking me off of it on several occasions, but each time we try, the depression comes back.
	This is supposed to thin the blood.  I don't know how you measure this.	After taking this drug for about a month and a half, I fell down some cement stairs quite dramatically.  The next day I was sore, as can be expected.  But I also had HUGE bruises in the spots where I guess I made the most contact or the most severe impact.  (I'm lucky I didn't crack my head open or break something!)One bruise was about 6 inches by 6 inches.
	Almost complete pain relief!  AMAZING!	This drug is amazing!  After being in almost constant neck and shoulder pain for approximately 2 years, within 4 days of my first injection of Humira, I was practically pain free.  I am also taking Etodolac and am planning to taper off this anti-inflammatory in the next couple of months if possible.
	It did help to relieve my anxiety, but sometimes I had to take a full tablet rather than 1/2. It did enable me to ably cope with occasions where I otherwise would have been nervous wreck.  I can honestly say that it helped me.	I only took it sporadically whenever needed. I only used it when I needed calming down when I was in a situation that I wouldn't have have been able to cope with.
	I chose to take vicodin instead of an ibuprofin based pain killer because my holistic doctor believes ibuprofin  slows healing time. For me, vicodin has literally no noticable side effects, of course I only took a limited amount for acute pain, which was relieved 100%.	I was instructed to take every eight hours however I found that I only needed a half pill and subsequently only took three pills, actually I took two and a half and stoll felt no pain.
	lowered total blood cholesterol levels. In particular, my LDL (low cholesterol) was lowered significantly, while HDL (good cholesterol) was elevated.	the cholesterol lowering medication (Lipitor) is taken once a day at bedtime. It was recommended that a full glass of water be taken with administration of each tablet of Lipitor. In addition, blood tests are required every 4 to 6 months to test liver functions.
	Prometrium is a form of progesterone that helps ameliorate some common menopausal symptoms, including insomnia.	The daily dosage was one 100mg. capsule, taken at bedtime. There were no "rest days" with this form of HRT. An annual blood test was recommended, to ensure liver health.
	I go to sleep within an hour and a half of taking it. I even get up to use the toilet around 4 am and I have no problem falling back asleep. Tried Ambien for 6 months, but I had to keep upping the dose and I still couldn't sleep. Plus Ambien made my anxiety worse. Now my anxiety is gone and I am generally more content with life. "I can sweat the small stuff", if you know what I mean. I did start Prozac about the same time.	I take 1 mg before bed. My natural path doctor recomended Lorazepam after a horrible experience with Effexsor. I also that 20 mg of Prozac at night also.
	Less flair ups of the crohns disease. Less diarhea and cramping.	"I believe you mean the treatment of the disease. For me it was taking my medication Asacol, and watching my diet. I understand foods have different effects on different individuals. For me, avoiding foods high in fat, avoiding excessive sugars and high fiber foods (popcorn, nuts) made the difference for me. The drug w/o diet would not work.



Should stress be factored, that too, weighed heavily."
	This drug has helped the pain and swelling in my hands and back from psoriatic arthritis. My fingers were also starting to twist, and this has helped to slow that down. The psoriasis on my skin has almost gone completely away. About a week or two before time for the next dose, a little comes back, but nothing like it used to be.	I go in to the office for an inter venous infusion every 8 weeks for two hours at a time.
	Helped keep asthma under control.  Didn't cause side effects.  Was easy to administer.  Provided the outcomes we had hoped for.   Pleasant taste.	Child takes a 4 mg chewable tablet daily to prevent ashtma attacks.  Previously, she used the granules which we mixed with applesauce or yogurt for her to eat.  Very easy administration.  Pleasant taste in the chewable.
	Estradiol has almost completely eliminated the alternating cold chills and hot flashes that I was experiencing.  The full effect of the drug was derived within three days of beginning treatment with Estradiol.	I take one tablet (1 mg) of Estradiol daily, at bedtime.
	Pain reduction, increased mobility and range of motion.  The difference between how I feel with and without Mobic is astonishing.  Unfortunately, if I take this drug for more than six months straight, it begins to lose effectiveness.  Thus, I now save it for situations where I absolutely need it:  travel, sports, etc.	Took once a day, always with food to protect my stomach.
	It seems to keep my blood pressure and headaches in check, especially during hormonal changes right before my period begins.  I am also sleeping better at night (falling asleep and staying asleep; able to get back to sleep during the night), whereas before I was getting only a couple of hours of sleep a night.	I had been dealing with more frequent "migraine" headaches (headaches unresponsive to OTC pain relievers)and began to notice a pattern that was related to my menstrual cycle.  During treatment for the headaches with frova and ketorolac I had an episode where I had sudden and severe pain in my head and felt like my head was going to explode, which sent me to the emergency room. The cause was never really determined but in the process it was noticed that my blood pressure was elevated and remained elevated during following doctor visits.  Since being on toprol, the headaches and blood pressure have remained managable throughout monthly hormonal changes.
	Unfortunately this did nothing to heal the skin. It was an expensive experiment for the doctor to misdiagnose my condition, which was not sever but had been present for 9+ months. Eventually I was switched to fluocinonide, which seemed to do only a little better.	Treatment was applied to affected areas on both legs twice daily for 2 weeks.
	The treatment is to slow down or reverse to some degree of osteoporosis. no side affects from taking medicine.  have not had a bone scan to evaluate any change in my bone loss.	taking 1 pill per week for the rest of my life.
	never had a heart attack. helps wit chest pain, and has a slight calming effect.i can workout more without increasing my heart rate too much	take once a day in the morning for the last 6 years.
	Lotronex used to control diarrhea due to chronic irritable bowel syndrome.  Thuogh clinical studies were only completed on women I have found the medication to be highly effective with few side effects	one milligram twice a day (morning and evening)
	ceasation of maigrain. The drug provides relive within half an hour of having been administered and prevents further symptomps	1 pill to be taken with onset of attack. If the attack has already started and the treatment cannot be reached within the first 5 hours of the attack, a further dose of the drug may be required
	my blood pressure decreased from a high pressure, approximately 150/110 to a normal blood pressure of 115/70.	Drug was prescribed 100 mg in the morning for high blood pressure due to chronic kidney failure. Combined with an evening dose 0f 5 mg of enalapril my blood pressure has been lowered to a normal pressure of approximately 115/80.
	Reduced pain ability to move about with better ease and comfort.	take a pill 4 times a day until pain stops excersize lightly until muscles can rebuild and provide easier movement and flexibility
	The daily itchy throat and coughing spells have stopped.  I no longer have to carry cough drops with me for daily attacks.  I can now visit my children's homes who have cats and dogs.  Before taking this medication, cats caused sever asthma, itchy eyes, nasal congestion.  Taking a regimine of singular every day, prevents these symptoms upon interaction with cats.  Prior to taking singular, exposure to a home with dogs caused symptoms similar to flu..achiness, rhinitis, sneezing and runny nose.  After singular...symptom free.  My doctor advised that there is no risk in taking the medication long term, so I plan to continue its prophylactic effect.	Not sure what this means...I am surprised and happy with prevention of allergy symptoms.  I see my allergist once a year to be sure that it is safe and can be taken with other meds.  He  asked if I wanted to discontinue it, since I was doing so well, and I said no...only if there is a risk with long term usage.  He said there was no risk.
	This is a miracle drug. By day 3, the hot flashes stopped. I was able to sleep through the night again. The 2 month long headache disappeared. I have more energy and feel like my old self again. My brain function is much improved. No more dizziness, memory loss and the depression is gone. Also I have an increased libido and vaginal moisture returned.	I went to my doctor for severe headaches, hot flashes and sleep disturbance as well as fatigue. He took a FSH bloodtest and it revealed I was in menopause. He prescribed Prempro and everything was right again.
	Once I started using the inhaler it greatly reduced night time waking with asthma symptoms. Early morning breathing became easier instead of tight breathing.  My use of a rescue inhaler specifically, Proventil, was cut down from several times a night to usually 0. I only use my rescue inhaler occassionally now instead of routinely.  My life has changed with Advair, I highly recommend it!	One inhalation of the Advair Inhaler in the morning and one again at bedtime.
	The eye infection symptoms went away in about two days. My eye had been swollen shut. I had tried some over the counter with no results when I visited the doctor. He hesitated using it due to misuse from patients however my symptoms were so severe he made it happen for me.	Visit to the doctor. Diagnosis estimate made. Prescription made and finally cure happened.
	Initial dose was highly effective for pain relief.  It took effect within 30 minutes and lasted several hours.	Vicodin and Ibuprofin were prescribed together for the management of pain. The initial dose was highly effective and lasted several hours, however, each subsequent dose resulted in only moderate pain relief and produced a "foggy" feeling.  I do not feel that I would have been capable of driving while taking vicodin.  I would most likely not take it again.
	Taken each morning 30 minutes before eating, keep me from having any acid reflux.  One daily dosage worked for the entire day.  Even into the evening, if I ate spicy food or chocolate, I could go to bed without experiencing any heart burn.	I have been taking meds for my acid reflux for many years, originally Omeprazole (generic for Prilosec).  However, becaus Omeprazole was not on my insurance drug formulary, I was taking Prilosec OTC.  At my last check-up my doctor prescribed the Prevacid and I like it.  It even tastes like strawberries!
	Decreased number of spasms and pain associated with the spasms.	I first started on 100mg a day and the next day i could feel aldifference in my body. I had less fatigue and my spasms were not as extreme as they had been. My specialist increased my dose to 600mg 3x a day. I have been on the dose for 5 yrs and have had little to no neck and shoulder spasms.  I wish i had know about this treatment yrs ago.  I would have lived in a pain free environment and would have been much happier.
	Had a pulled muscle in my leg, took Tylenol four times a day for two weeks along with ice twenty minutes four times a day for 4 days.  Pain and inflammation went away gradually over the two week period.  Took the Tylenol with food to protect the gastic lining of my stomach, also.  Now am back to running and jogging as before the injury.	Took Tylenol four times a day with food ( a lite snack) and used ice on the sore area as noted above.
	lowered my cholesterol level over time; reduced the severity of dietary changes I needed to make for the same effect; reduced my anxiety about my potential risk of cardiac and cerebrovacular problems/events	one tablet daily, no other sepcifications. I take all meds on retiring. I also take fish oil capsules.
	I have used this drug for several months. For me it lasts a long time, even into the next morning, BUT it seemed to take longer, on me anyway, than Viagra did, more like 2 hours before it worked at all. I would recommend this to anyone that does not need it to take effect quickly.	I was having a difficult time maintaining an erection, however this works great. I am very pleased.
	NO MORE HEART BURN OR ACID REFLUX	WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE RESULTS
	taken at a stage where puss filled blisters were swollen, ensured a quick and painless transition from this stage to a stage where blisters became dry. Not much effect for 5 days or so, however when the blisters did dry up they did so quickly and was not painful at all which is what i had expected. fairly easy to apply and good consistency for application.	applied directly onto affected area 3 times a day. chose to apply generously and cover effected area with a bandage.
	The treatment benefits are to help lower blood pressure.  Blood pressure is being monitored by the physician and the patient.  So far, the benicar has shown to be as beneficial as the previous medicine patient has been on for the last seven years.  Since the pill is considerably larger than previous medicine I was on, I do have to chew the pill.	I have been on blood pressure medication for about seven years now.  Each doctor that I went to has changed my medication several times.  My blood pressure has been lower since visiting a nephrologist.  Recently I went to a regular general practitioner and she changed my medicine once again to the Benicar.  It seems to be helping somewhat with very few, if any, sign effects.
	Lexapro has proven to be a very effective antidepressant that is entirely lacking in sexual side-effects.	I have suffered from dysthymia (low mood) with major depressive episodes for most of my adult life.  The newer antidepressants, particularly Prozac and Effexor, were lifesavers for me and I expect to be on a daily antidepressant for life.  Antidepressants such as Prozac and Lexapro, however, greatly depressed my sexual desire and ability to reach climax (adversely affecting my relationship with my husband).  These medications also "pooped out" (stopped working) after a while, and even when they were working, they would not entirely relieve my low mood.  Ever since my psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro several years ago, my mood issues have entirely disappeared with absolutely no adverse sexual side effects.
	Strep symptoms subsided w/in 3 days. Reinfection did not occur. Family members did not catch the infection.	"Took medication along with rest and fluids.

Used fever reducer, salt water gargles, and tea tinctures to aleviate symptoms and speed healing."
	reasonable control of blood preasure with out multiple blood preasure med's.my blood preasure is not a perfect 120/80 but it is not 190/ 100 idon't have headaches or couphing	swallow pills with water once a day .everyday until doctor changes perscription
	help me sleep better and makes me calm down when I'm depress	Valium helps me with sleep and anxiety but Xanax is much better in both sleep and anxiety, valium is a long term acting medication and when you wake up in the morning you still feel sleepy and tired, where as xanax its a short term sleeping medication and when you wakeup in the morning you feel great and not sleepy, they both work good but i personally perfer xanax, I usually order them from medsheaven at www.medsheaven.com
	I was initially placed on this medication several years ago for RA when Vioxx was pulled.  I religiously self administered the medication for two years and then decided to quit because I didn't believe that it was helping much.  I took a "holiday" for 16 months and then checked in with my rheumatologist.  She suggested that I restart the medicine based upon x-rays and blood work.  I have been on it again for 3mos...I feel better...less pain..more energy.	I am fortunate that I have good insurance coverage because it is very expensive. As with any medicine...I am concerned about possible long term side effects.  However...my grandmother had RA and was severely crippled with the disease.  This medication is supposed to prevent joint destruction...I am hoping that it will.
	The benefits of this treatment was slightly reduced pain due to a partial rotator cuff tear	The treatment for this injury was to take the drug as prescribed in addition to physical therapy.  Drug and physical therapy was prescribed for approximately six weeks.
	Noticed a difference in a month	"Take 1 pill a day for a week every three months. Finished with April and July.

April

July - Fungus has grown out halfway

October

January - At the rate it is moving, should be completely gone by January



After seeing the doctor in July, he said if it wasn't moving, he was going to increase dosage, but thankfully, it is moving."
	When I feel or see the signs of a cold sore coming, I take the valtrex and it is gone without a trace within 24 hours.	You need to take the valtrex immediately after feeling the start of a sore for maximum effectiveness.  If you wait until you have a red lump or blister, the valtrex will speed the healing, but will not eliminate the sore, which may last 7-10 days.
	"My therapist prescribe this cream, as I develpe dark sport on my skin on the back  from exema. The sport were itchy so I couldn't sleep well and they turned dark due to post-inflammatory hyper pigmentation.

I am still using the cream but it effectively eliminated any itching and dark sport  reduce in size and became lighter.

In fact, my therapist later prescribed a more potent cream, betamethasone dipropionate 0.05%, but I felt that the first one was more effective in my case."	I used 0.1% cream three times daily on clean skin for one month
	Clearup of infection and regrowth of nails	After failure of several topical treatment, this medicine was the only choice offered.  Regrowth of 1/4 great toenail was observed after 4 weeks. At the end of the 12-week treatment, half of the toenail grew back to normal. The doctor advised stopping the treatment at the point.
	I was given valium to calm me down as I couldn't take anti depressants as they gave me really severe side effects.  I found that the valium quietened my mind and slowed my body down without making me feel heavy or drugged.  It helped me cope with the stresses of every day life but also the stresses caused by my anxiety and panic disorder.  I think that is has a bad reputation possibly because people abuse it but taken as prescribed I find this drug incredibly useful and invaluable in helping me cope with things I wouldn't normally be able to do or cope with.  I get a warm feeling as it goes into my blood all the way down to my toes. I feel relaxed and happy and don't have any side effects whatsoever.  However it does make me feel a little sleepy for about half an hour after it starts working...which is actually a nice feeling when you're nervous and then I just feel relaxed.	I started having panic attacks in different places until my world became very restricted.  A doctor prescribed Valium and it helped.  I have still got worse over the years but valium still helps me cope with things like that I wouldn't normally be able to do at all, like shopping, going to the dentist, or out in public.  I feel valium has had a very bad write up...mainly I feel through abuse.  I've taken it most of my life and never took more than I was told to.  In fact I was so afraid it would "stop" working that I only took it when absolutely necessary.  This means that although I have taken it most of my life in larger or smaller doses, it still works for me and gets me though the hard times.  I don't think I have ever tried a drug that has helped me cope as well as this one has.  I hope it never gets taken off the market.  I currently take half a 5 mg tab when I have to do something I consider difficult, only taking the other half after assessing if one half is enough.  I hardly ever take more than one in a day and hardly ever more than two tabs in a week....sometimes a month.  Depending on my commitments.
	The once daily treatment was effective in keeping me from having moderate acne breakouts while I was taking hormone replacement therapy.  I also used testosterone cream (compounded) and my doctor felt that this was the source of the acne and also some water retention.	I have taken 1 50mg tablet daily for over 6 years for treatment of acne...caused by hormone replacement medications including testosterone cream.  The medication worked very well for me for as long as I was taking it.
	I have experienced an very noticable decrease in hairloss or progression of male pattern baldness after I started using this product.  It was advised to me by a physician friend.  It's basicaly the same product as Propesia which are being sold as an chosmetic product at half the dosage and for double the price.  I have noticed a severe reduction in hairloss and have actualy grown some hair back.	The dosage is suppose to be 1mg/day as this is all that's needed by the body.  As proscar only comes in 5mg tablets, I broke them in half and therefor took 2.5 mg's per day.  Propesia are however sold in 1mg tablets, but as mentioned before, are the exact same product and cost more than double the price as it's being marketed as an cosmetic product.
	Nearly complete resolution of severe intractable cough and mucus obstruction of bronchi, which had been resistant to multiple treatments including inhalers, oral high dose prednisone, and antihistamines.	After reading the blogs, it's certain that we are all very different in our responses to treatment.  I had failed all the standard treatments, including high oral doses of prednisone.  I was facing a life on a ventilator with a tube in my throat.  Within a few days of starting this medication, I could breath. Actually breath.  You who have had severe asthma know how wonderful air can be. Within a week, I went for a walk.  Hadn't been able to for almost a year. No depression. Actually, I feel pretty darned happy.
	Yasmin is an excellent birth control pill.  Not only does it prevent pregnancy, but it decreases bloating, irritability, and monthly blood lost.  There is decreased break through bleeding and cramps as well.  It just became available in a generic, so bringing the cost much lower.	Birth control, decreased monthly bleeding.
	Having been diagnosed with hypothyroidism when I was only twenty, I was administered varying levels of Synthroid.  Prior to taking the medication, my hypothyroid condition was so severe that my metabolism was adversely affected.  Not only did I feel sluggish, but my liver was even slow to act because I started turning orange! My fingertips were calloused, my speech was slurred and my hair had begun falling out.  When the first dosage was given, it was too high.  Then when it was adjusted and my blood levels determined that it was the right amount, the symptoms all began to subside and slowly I became functional again.  I don't normally take any over-the-counter medications but as for this prescription medication, I need it to effectively manage my hypothyroidism.	Synthroid (generic name: Levoxyl) is taken once a day, preferably in the morning on an empty stomach.  There do not seem to be any extra details concerned with the daily administration of the drug.
	Some of the treatment benefits were: lower blood pressure, less headaches, less fatigue	The doctor asked me to take 80mg daily. He also asked me to lower my salt intake and exercise regularly.
	i have been on xenical for a little over 2 weeks and i lost 2 lbs and gained it back,i do not have oily stools infact i have a hard time going to the bathroom now.the only benefit i can see so far with xenical for me is i try to watch what i eat.	n/a
	Started taking this drug for two reasons - peri-menopausal symptoms (mood swings) and depression experienced after going through hurricane Katrina. After 2-3 weeks of starting, noticed my temperament was much more even and felt better able to cope with daily stress and stay motivated.	Started out with a very low dose, 5mg/day for the first month, then moved up to 10 mg/day which is my present dose. The full dose is actually 20mg/day, but I feel I am getting the results I need with 10mg, so there is no need to increase the dosage and risk any adverse side effects.
	improved skin texture and tone	take once every night, topical for two years
	It cleared the ear infection completely.  It offered me assurance that the infection did not progress to brain.	I always take probiotics while I am taking antibiotics.  I also take the amoxicillin with food and water every time.
	visible reduction in the infection was noted at approx 4 days.  It was a good alternative to having a surgical procedure and the required "down time" associated with a surgical procedure.	chronic condition - relatively good alternative to a surgical procedure.  Actually, was very afraid of the alternative surgical procedure due to the open wound remaining for a large amount of time and the negative feedback located on the internet associated with the surgical procedure.
	After starting on a diuretic and a beta blocker without significant results, adding the ACE inhibitor worked wonders, and has continued to do so for 27 years. The next step, if one becomes necessary will be to add a sartan. Based on my previous response. I expect it to be a happy experience.	"I never expected to live this long, let alone feel as healthy as I do. My mother died at age 53, and the last years of her life were marred by pain, discomfort and significant disability due to cardiovascular disease.



My experience is one more validation of the benefits of early and aggressive intervention in the case of mild hypertension."
	noticed a significant improvement in exercise induced asthma/shortness of breath. Also I previously had a chronic cough/throat irritation prior to taking singulair and this is now gone. My asthma would act up when I drink or eat cold foods and this is no longer a problem. I haven't had bronchitis in over a year and would usually get 3-4 x  year.	Singulair has been very beneficial in controlling my asthma and bronchitis. Do not notice it helps much with my allergies though. I do take zyrtec for allergies but if I run out and still taking the singulair my allerties come right back. When I miss a dose of singulair I notice my cough comes back right away.
	After taking Aciphex for 1 week, my heartburn symptoms went completely away.	My heartburn is triggered by many foods, not just spicy ones, but the Aciphex keeps the burn away even when I do eat spicy food or drink red wine. My biggest issue is that it takes more than 2 0r 3 doses over the same amount of days to feel any relief, and as soon as you stop taking it - the burn is back. It's also pricy, even with insurance.
	Considered beneficial for post menapausal women to prevent the recurrance of breast cancer.  It is a hormone blocker that stops the production of estrogen.  Many breast cancer tumors are estrogen positive and thrive in the presence of estrogen.	One 1mg pill once a day for five years following treatment of breast cancer in post menapausal women.
	After starting treatment with Cipro, I almost immediate improvement of my condition, and the pain was severely lessened.	After beginning treatment, I saw improvement within 2 days, and the urinary tract infection cleared up within 3-4 days.  I continued for another couple days to make sure it was gone for good.
	Overall cholesterol dropped from 270 to 180. HDL went up, LDL went down to optimal ratios. My cholesterol numbers changed very quickly, within little over a month. Obviously, it's a very effective drug for me.	"One 10 mg pill, 1x per day. 



I also received a blood test for liver abnormality at one month, three months, and one year, after beginning treatment. I now receive a blood test for liver abnormalities every 1 1/2 to 2 years, along with the rest of my regular bloodwork at normal checkups. So far, there have been no indications of any problems.



I'm also taking 200 mg per day of co q10 to replace what the Liptor diminishes. I do wish that my physician had mentioned this to me when he prescribed the Lipitor, but I actually found out about co q10 and lipitor through reading Dr Oz and Rizen's book ""You, Staying Young"". Upon asking my doctor about the co q10, he was familiar with it in relation to Lipitor usage, but never brought it up on his own. I realize that I would have continued taking Lipitor without any co q10 addition if I hadn't stumbled upon those facts by accident myself, and wish that when a physician prescribes a medication that they would also suggest any other supplements that should be taken or avoided along with the prescription.



Overall, this drug has been very successful for me. As I understand it, most people have to take a much higher dose than i do to obtain similar benefits, so I'm fortunate in this area, as I don't like to take much medication."
	Wanting to be drug free, I weened myself off of the Wellbutrin, but found that I could not happily function without the Lexapro.  When I tried to lower (self medicate) the dosage, my racing and repeating thoughts came back really strong.  I started counting again, repeating sentences in my head, singing song verses over and over in my head, replaying conversations over in my head, etc.  Being back on the 20mg keeps me feeling normal and only in very stressful situations do I start obsessing/repeating.	The initial treatment involved the medication and weekly therapy sessions.  A year into the treatment, I was able to scale the therapy back to "as needed" appointments, a year later I went off of the Wellbutrin and now feel pretty healthy just on the Lexapro.
	I did get relief from the hot flashes and this did contribute to a good nights sleep. I had a hystirectomy a year before I was put on the hormones. I say an increase in wrinkles in that first year. I can not say that I have seen a slowing in the aging process but I am sleeping better and that of course will bennefit the skin.	As I stated I had a hystirectomy at 50 years old. I went over a year w/out any homone treatment and the hot flashes got so severe I was waking about 5 to 6 times a night. I was using over the counter sleep aids and did not like them. I got the doctor to prescribe the hormones and the benefits were almost immediate. I have been on the same dose for over a year now and feel I might benefit from an increased dose. I am 54 now and am looking not quite my age but the aging process is speeding up I feel.
	Meloxicam was prescribed after Vioxx was taken off the market.  It has been beneficial in relieving the pain from a pinched nerve.  (The pain goes from the left side of my forehead, down my face, my neck, my shoulder, and my left arm).  I sometimes wonder if I really need it, so occasionally I stop taking it, but within 3 to 4 days, the pain comes back full force, so I know it is effective.  It is slightly less effective than Vioxx.	Once per day to manage pain.  I have been on this medication for several years, and imagine I will need it for the rest of my life.
	allowed maintained remission of ulcerative colitis for up to five years.  did experience some flare ups, but they were short lived and the exception to years of complete remission	treatment was prescribed as maintainance med for ulcerative colitis.  allergies to common maintainance meds prevented use of any 5asa type meds.
	My blood tests indicated that I had high cholesterol.  I started taking this soon after, and approx. one month into taking this product, my cholesterol numbers have dramatically decreased.  My physician attributes this to lipitor as well as diet and exercise.  I have not experienced any side effects.	none
	Controlled acne very well when taken continuously.  Eliminated PMS symptoms.  Prevented pregnancy.  Experienced minimal monthly bleeding.	1 pill per day in the morning with food.  Take 3 days off (placebo pills) before starting a new pack rather than a whole week.  Take two pills the next day if a pill is missed.
	I began taking this drug one year ago, and within a few days I was heartburn free. I take it once daily before breakfast.	Be sure to remember to take every day before eating your first meal in order for it to work effectively!
	 and the crying went away. It really helped me when nothing else did.	The wellbutrin pulled me out of the black hole and after a load of meds that were affective on serotonin that made me manic or did nothing at all and almost wrecked my life this finally leveled me out....thank god.
	This is a miracle drug for me, got rid of vaginal dryness, and even got rid of hot flashes, even though the estrogen dose is so low!  Would recommend to anybody.	Took it for two weeks every day, and then twice a week for maintenance - this is just enough.  Too bad that it does not come in the cream form as well - would be more convenient then the suppository.
	Clobex was effective in resolving minor contact dermatitis. It soothed the irritation and lessened the dermatitis rather quickly however, it was also used for what was thought as dermatitis around the mouth. Use continued for six months with no results. The rash was exacerbated by heat and a diagnosis of MRSA was made. The Clobex, due to steroids in the cream, did not clear the lesions but rather made them worse. Use was discontinued and Bactroban and Septra DS was highly effective at clearing the infection. Have since had no need for Clobex and have used alternate methods for any incidental dermatitis that may occur. For those who chose to traditional medications, I can recommend Clobex for mild to severe dermatitis. I was satisfied with the results, except for the misdiagnosis of Skin MRSA, yet glad to know from experience, the difference between these two rashes.	Had developed contact dermatitis on my arm; cause unknown. dermatologist prescibed Clobex .05% BID until condition cleared. The solution went on easily, non-greasy and calmed any itching. No bandaging was needed. The dermatitis cleared quickly and no follow-up was necessary.
	Major decrease in joint pain , major increase in mobility. Everything else improved as well; my energy, ability to do everyday small tasks, my state of mind, and sleeping. I had always been a very active person. After starting the Enbrel, I could  jog again, ride horses, bike, play tennis, etc.	Self injection twice per week
	Keeping me from the effects of menopause.	I was prescribed estrogen at the time of my total hysterectomy (due to increasing bleeding and starting periods every 2 weeks). I was becoming anemic from the bleeding and other procedures to stop this were not very successful. I was about 45 at the time and was given the option to begin HRT. Over the years I have been given decreasing levels and am currently at .5mg. Even with the negative info regarding prolonged HRT, I opted to continue.  If you actually read the negative information, it was not related to estrogen, but rather to estrogen and progesterone in combination.  Since then more articles have further clarified some of the mis-information.  It may be a risk to continue long term HRT, but none of my doctors has really presented any solid reasoning to discontinue HRT.
	the medication kept my asthma under control or so i thought.    as an aside, i still have a few left and every so often if i am out of my migraine medication, i will take a theodur and it seems to alleviate the headache.  it was inexpensive.	i took 300 mg. twice a day and also used an inhaler regularly.   i assumed it was as good as it gets.  my new asthma specialist determined i had suffered some loss of lung function as the asthma had not been controlled as well as it could have been.  i had to have regular blood work to determine the levels were right.
	I felt calmer and my overall outlook was better. It was subtle...still had some nerve problems and anxiety, but my guess is thats because it does not erase problems...but you can tolerate them better over the long haul.	I had alot of grief and was nervous at work, so my MD gave me this medicine to help with those problems.  It did help a bit with the physical nerve problem...less jittery and all that...but it didnt stop it completely.  I was able to function and not feel light headed or fuzzy...which I did not want. So that was a plus...I stayed on it for aprox 1 year...then lost my healthcare insurance so I no longer take it.
	It clears the infection in the sinus and lower respiratory tract.  I was coughing badly due to irritation from mucus formed by post nasal drip down the throat.  The phlegm was yellow in colour.	Dosage 500 mg once daily for 5 days on full stomach.
	completely stopped all heartburn.  do occassionally have an acidic taste in my mouth in the morning, so I suspect that there may be a small amount of reflux still occurring.	diagnosed with acid reflux by a gastroscopy.  Prescribed the ranitidine originally.  When mentioning the occassional acidic taste in the morning, the doctor changed me to Prevacid which took away both the heartburn and the taste.  But when I looked at the package insert through the Prevacid website this showed more carcinogenic results than the ranitidine which is next to none.  So I am taking only ranitidine from now on.
	Most of the adverse acid reflex symptoms went away after several months of taking the drug. After a full course of treatment, I would only get hearburn and hunge pains if I would abuse the acid triggering foods.	Take a pill every morning at least 30 mins before eating.
	"i did not observe cholesterol lowering although Your doctor may decide that, along with diet and exercise, VYTORIN is right for you. If so, remember to take 1 pill a day in the evening, as your doctor prescribes. Take VYTORIN with or without food???the choice is yours.



VYTORIN is a tablet containing two medicines: Zetia??? (ezetimibe) and Zocor (simvastatin). VYTORIN was clinically proven to lower bad cholesterol more than Lipitor or Zocor alone."	"i did not observe cholesterol lowering although Your doctor may decide that, along with diet and exercise, VYTORIN is right for you. If so, remember to take 1 pill a day in the evening, as your doctor prescribes. Take VYTORIN with or without food???the choice is yours.



VYTORIN is a tablet containing two medicines: Zetia??? (ezetimibe) and Zocor (simvastatin). VYTORIN was clinically proven to lower bad cholesterol more than Lipitor or Zocor alone.Unexplained muscle pain or weakness could be a sign of a rare but serious side effect and should be reported to your doctor right away.



VYTORIN may interact with other medicines or certain foods, increasing your risk of getting this serious side effect. So, tell your doctor about any other medications you are taking. Your doctor may do simple blood tests before and during treatment with VYTORIN to check for liver problems."
	"as soon as I took my first dose, as long as it was during the pre-sore/tingling stage, and continued to my second dose .... my cold sore never really appeared.



Or, if my coldsore had already started ... and I took my valtrex, the ""blister"" would not get any larger and would go away in half the time if I wasn't taking this medication"	Same as the treatment benefits.  Preventative, if I could catch the coldsore before it broke thru, as well as successful in reducing the length of time and size of the coldsore itself.
	"- Very light periods

- Very predictable periods

- Very short periods

- No PMS"	"I would recommend to anyone of any age.

My doctor prescribed me birth control last summer because of my heavy periods and i was very anemic, and i was like no thank you and she said try it out i am so glad she pushed me to do so."
	I was able to do normal daily activities again	I always have had really bad cramps. I have tried many different prescription pain killers over the years and none have really made the pain any better. I first started taking Naproxen in 200mg as you can get this over the counter as Aleve in the States. Canada has no such product available. I found that even  in 200 mg strength sometimes was enough to make my day bearable. I now get it from my Dr. in 500 mg strength and am able to carry out my normal daily activities as I was unable to even go to work some days before.
	"Only moderate improvements noted on the 5g dosage.    

Improvements much more noticeable at 10g - or after 30 days of taking medication.   Less confusion, more awareness in social surroundings, more outward and positive in attitude."	"Take one pill in the morning.



Also vitamin supplements (Multi-vitamin, brain-booster vitamin, and homo-cysteine level reducer)"
	Severe case of eczyma which cleared almost immediately after starting zyrtec	After several over the counter attempts to clear the rash which was maily on her legs and abdomen we saw a dermatologist.  He prescribed Zyrtec.  He explained that eczyma was an allergic reaction and the antihistamine effect would help.  We were already using ALL free to wash the clothes and using mild soaps.  I was skeptical but it worked fantasticly.
	After a rotater cuff injury three years ago i was given mobic for pain and aching that was interfering with sleep. Mobic decreased the pain considerably.  I did not have pain or discomfort from the arthritis. i was just told i had some arthritic changes.	"The treatment was Mobic 15mg daily started 3 years ago after the shoulder injury.

At that time I also attended Physical Therapy and was discharged from PT after 3-4 months of therapy."
	I fastly recovered from the virus and felt much better after the second administration of the drug.	The medicine was prescribed to me by my GP as I was in contact with pregnant women by the time and I was afraid that I will transfer the virus to them also.
	made me feel normal	i have to take a peel every morning at the same time.if i dont and i forget i get tired its a different kind of tired though.once they stopped giving me the pill for 7 weeks and my hair started falling out i was lethargik i thought i was moving fast but i was moving very slow.i bloated up,i started to think kind of weird.i wanted to sleep all the time i was a real mess.so i take the medication consistantley the best i can.
	Effective in helping to control acid reflux	One tablet once a day
	I took Tamiflu as soon as I knew I had contracted Swine Flu.  While it did not stop the flu in its tracks I did not get seriously ill and my recovery time was quite short.  Somo of my friends also contracted Swine Flu and did not take Tamiflu.  Two of them became very ill and it was several weeks before they coudl go back to work.  Their general energy levevls were low for about 2 months.  By contrast, I was never really bed bound and was out and about after about one week.  I did not experience any longer term effects.	One table to be taken twice dailyn for five days
	improved vaginal lubrication, decreased sensitivity, improved urinary continence, improved urethral tone,	Medicine was inserted vaginally  once daily at bedtime for the first 2 weeks; patient abstained from sexual intercourse during that time so that male partner would not be exposed to the effects of estrogen.
	Generally, Lamictal has helped my depression (intense sadness, hopelessness) more than my anxiety (obsessions, excessive worrying). The mood difference is noticeable. My pscychiatrist prescribed Lamictal to me because, as a mood stabilizer, Lamictal is often used to treat resistant depression. Considering that I had previously taken seven different medications in failed attempts to treat depression, this was an appropriate choice.	I take 100 MG of Lamictal orally, twice a day. Generally, I take the first pill when I wake up in the morning, and I take the second pill with dinner.
	none, I was very disappointed at the time because the doctor said that it going to take care of my problem. I had no energy.	I was put on synthroid to cure a slow thyroid. It did not help and I discontinued use. I was changed to Armour Thyroid and have had fabulous results with it. Armour Throid is what was giving to before the drug companies came out with a synthetic version of it.
	My heart burn was relieved within forty eight hours and continued for the length of the treatment.  I was very satisfied with the results.	I took the medicine once a day in the morning for 14 days.  Whenever heart burn reoccurs I repeat the treatment.
	It cleared up my nasal allergies, opened up my nasal passages and stopped post nasal drip.	I would do 2 sprays in each nostril once a day.  It would take about 36 hours to start feeling the benefit and about 3 days to get the full benefit.
	Having suffered with depression/anxiety after the break up of my marriage, during which I lost a huge amount of weight, couldn't sleep, was agitated, tearful etc etc. the fluoxetine initially helped me relax and gave me a 'holiday from myself'.  The effects totally calmed me, enabling me to resume my 'normal' life.  I regained my weight and although not totally free from the fluoxetine, have now cut down to every other day and have now been able to resume working.  My experience is that the fluoxetine have taken away the extreme mood swings.	20 mg once a day.
	Lost 15 pounds and did not feel hungry while taking the medicine. On days that I forgot to take a capsule, I did feel hungry and it was not as easy to stick to my diet.	I took one Meridia first thing in the morning and then stuck to a sensible diet for the day.  If I took the Meridia too late in the day, it did keep me from sleeping well that night.
	I didn't have any symptoms, so I don't feel any better or any worse after being on Crestor. My cholesterol has always been high during routine blood tests but around a year ago it had risen to 8 mmol/l (almost 300 ml/dl)and my HDL/LDL ratio was poor. Trigylserides were normal before taking Crestor after weight loss.	I was started on 10mg and retested after 10 weeks. My LDL (bad cholesterol) dropped significantly, HDL rose slightly and triglyserides dropped slightly (they were already in the normal range before). My liver enzymes were high before taking Crestor but had returned to normal when retested after 10 weeks (I don't know if Crestor had anything to do with this or not). Blood sugar levels were normal before and after taking Crestor, but slightly lower after. I am due to be tested again before the end of this year and also have a Cardio Stress Test. After a new doctor reviewed my medical history, he suggested I have a stress test even though I still haven't experienced any symptoms of heart disease. All ECG results at rest have been normal.
	"I never got pimples, pustules, or anything else associated with this condition.  But maybe I never would have--it is hard to say.



The first dermatologist to prescribe it wanted to put me on several weeks of antibiotics.  I really did not want the systemic side effects of that.  Also, I oppose the overuse of antibiotics because it leads to resistant bacteria.  So one benefit is that it gave him an alternative to antibiotics."	"I never had a problem with rosacea.  I went to a dermatologist and was kept waiting two hours.  I was embarrassed because I kept literally falling asleep in the waiting room.  I asked the receptionist if I had time to run out and get a cup of coffee.  After I drank the coffee, my cheeks flushed bright red--that was the only symptom of rosacea.



After fifteen years and several changes of dermatologists, I got a new doctor and asked if the metronidazole could be causing enlarged pores.  When she found out that I never had pimples or pustules, she suggested I try not using the metronidazole at all.  I have not used it for the last six weeks and I see no change.  I prefer using a lighter moisturizer."
	The wellbutrin and effexor alone did improve the depression but the addition of the lamictal really made a significant improvement.  With just the two antidepressants I could still feel down and unmotivated, lethargic, hopeless at times.  But the lamictal prevented me from going down.  I have been diagnosed with dysthymia among other things and I have been told that there might be some sort of cycling akin to what manic-depressives have but of course not to that extreme.  The doctor was concerned initially about my diagnosis - the thought was that the diagnosis I had received (dysthimia) may have been wrong and really I was a manic-depressive (which I am not).  Apparently this is a mistake that can be made quite a bit.  This is what I thought was implied.  Boy have I been glad that someone came up with lamical.	The treatment has been 200mg/day for three years.
	"Only two days after my first injection my life started changing radically!

Reduced joint swellings. Increased mobility. Sleeping much better.

And I feel better for every day!"	I take one 50 mg pre-filled syringe every monday.
	I found that it did nothing for my acid reflux.  Only after I changed how, what and when I ate did I recieve instant relief from both the acid reflux and the chronic bronchitis.	I was hospitalized for pancreatitis and that's when the coughing started.  The pancreatitis subsided but the coughing worsened, especially at night.  I was diagnosed with acid reflux and "hyperinflated lungs", whatever that means.  The coughing would keep me up all night.  I saw both an allergist and a pulmonologist; the allergist prescribed Nexium and the pulmonologist prescribed Advair, the nasal spray with the bee spokesperson, and an inhaler that made me so jittery that I did not sleep for an entire night when I took it.  He also prescribed a codeine syrup that make me incredibly sick to my stomach.  I hated being on all those meds.  I did some research and decided to modify the size and content of my dinner, and eat it earlier in the evening.  No more snacking or ice cream after dinner.  My symptoms immediately stopped.  I took myself off all meds and never went back to those doctors -- I had no need to.
	I suffer with tension and headaches caused by stress. Headaches and tension in my back and shoulders, i find that nurofen is the only drug that will subside them releasing the tension and pain. Nurofen permits me to continue with my work or daily activities.	I take 2x200mg tablets or capsules at a time, normally that is enough, if not i take a further 2x200mg dose after 4 hours.
	By taking the pills anytime I feel the vaguest possibility that I might be getting a cold sore, I was able to reduce the number of outbreaks. The outbreaks that I do have (if, for example, I don't take the Valtrex in time) seem not as bad as they would be without the Valtrex. The outbreaks seem somehow less... viral. As in, the sores may still form, but the entire process of blistering/opening/scabbing doesn't feel quite as much like my face is a nuclear radiation site.	I get horrible outbreaks in the center of my chin-- usually 5-8 sores clustered together all at once; really awful-looking. I'm aware of the things that trigger them, so when I realize there's a chance I might have an outbreak, even if I haven't felt the tingling yet, I'll take a couple of Valtrex and then I don't have an outbreak at all. I can't say for sure that it's the Valtrex stopping it (i.e. maybe I wouldn't have had an outbreak anyway in some cases) but it seems that way to me, and in any case it's nice to have some sense of control over the situation. Even though my outbreaks are awful, they only happen about 2x/year so I haven't felt it necessary to take the daily preventative pills.
	Made an acne mask with aspirin, yea not conventional but it helps buff the skin and i hear it has healing properties. You can add aloe vera gel to it for soothing properties. aspirin is said to prolong ur life, i read that once but can't remember where i think it was on the news...or some news article	mix non coated aspirin with water and honey and form a grainy paste, leave on, wipe off
	Increased energy and memory.  Levothyroxine treatment alone was not working well.  The combination works much better.	Since being diagnosed with hypothyroidism, my doctor???s would treat with basically the Levothyroxine.  The levels would be increased until I was ???in the range???, but I never felt quite right.  I was still very tired and my memory, especially short-term, was really bad.  I went to a couple endocrinologists, with the first one diagnosing the hypothyroidism as a result of Hashimoto???s disease.  Even with this diagnosis, the first endocrinologist did not suggest other treatments and I continued to suffer with excessive tiredness and memory problems.  I decided to go for a second opinion, and this endocrinologist told me that some individuals react better with a combination treatment of Levothyroxine and Cytomel.  This seemed to turn me around.  The memory and tiredness have gotten better, still not optimal.  It seems as long as one is ???in the range???, doctors are hesitant to push the envelope.  I would like to see physicians listen to their patients and adjust the meds until they feel better, not just go ???by the range???.
	stabilized mood, allowed for clearer thinking, improved sleep pattern, felt less anxious, made world look bright again.	Started with 20 mg once daily. This worked for several years. When spouse endured 3 years of life-threatening illness, the dosage was increased to 40 mg taken as 2 20mg pills.
	I was able to breathe much easier with this inhaler.	Was given the inhaler due bronchitis.  It seemed effective along with antibiotics.  I am now breathing fine and have no symptoms of asthma or bronchitis.  This was 3 weeks ago.
	It was calming within a very short time.  At the onset of an attack, just having the medicine on hand was calming. It began to work very quickly after taking it.	It was prescribed to be taken on an as needed basis.  I would take the tablet at the onset of the attack.  The attacks usually occured at night, shortly after I feel asleep.
	Zyrtec helped to control my runny nose, watery eyes, and sneezing throughout the spring allergy season. It also proved useful as an antihistamine whenever I had similar symptoms after the normal allergy season (March through April).	Take one tablet daily during allergy season.
	Medications for the graves disease were not keeping the thyroid levels at a constant state. Had to continually change dosage. The medication for hyperthyroid also can cause birth defects. I was anticipating having children within a few years. I went in and had the radio active iodine. After one month my thyroid was destroyed. Had tried generic brands of synthroid but was still expereincing changes in my thyroid level. My doctor perscribed only name brand syntroid and it has been at a cosistant level for at least 5 years.	The radio active iodine treatment was conducted as outpatient surgery at the local hospital. I was given a pill to swallow. I was then asked to come back after 6 hours to have a scan done of my thyroid. I came back the next day for another scan. After one week I had a blood test and was perscribed synthroid. I have my thyroid checked on an annual basis. In some cases depending on any changes in my thyroid levels I have had to go back on a six month check up schedule.
	Improved joint stiffness, less fatigue, better mobility, less pain and joint swelling, improved mood because of improved mobility	One injection sq every week, some pain on injection, occasional mild bleeding at injection site, mild bruising at injection site
	The first time I took it the cold sore ended up just slightly smaller than they usually are. The second time it was about 1/2 the size. The third time it got red and itchy but it didn't actually blister. The forth time I didn't take the medication because it was only the size of a small pimple. I used to get them about every 4 to 6 weeks but the last one came about 4 months after the previous one.	You take 4 pills as soon as you can tell the cold sore is beginning and then 4 pills 12 hours later.
	with the treatment I feel less tired and more energetic.I comeback to my normal weight and I stop losing my hair. Also I do not get cold as I use to.	I take one tablet everyday in the morning in a empty stomach around the same time and I wait an hour before I eat. Sometimes I can only wait 30 minutes and it does not seems to alter the effect of the medication.
	Opened airways to help breath	After a first round of antibiotics and use of arbuterol with a nebulizer with minimal effectiveness, my doctor put me on an oral steroid to open up my airways. Once I started the seroid, I felt 100% better.
	prevented infection of surgically sewn gums.  They cut my gums and pulled them down further over the teeth and added a laboratory grown skin product to make the gum larger.  I also used this periogard bottle when they put caps on my teeth, just to prevent infection.	The details were included in the two above sections.
	The ranitidine was very effective in releaving my symptoms of acid reflux.  After several months of treatment my stomach, which previously felt nauseated on a daily basis, felt much better and very rarely caused me discomfort.	I am not sure if it is related to the ranitidine but since I began using it I have not contracted any viruses.  In the past I would get 2 or 3 viruses every year.
	The infection that developed at the site of my oral surgery subsided and this allowed the wound to begin to heal.	The oral surgeon prescribed amoxicillin as a preventaitive measure after surgery.  I opted not to take a breaod spectrum antibiotic when there was no infection present.  Within 4 days of surgery it was clear that I did have an infection and filled that prescription. I took 500 mg of amoxicillin 3 times daily and took probiotics at least two hours after each dose of antiobiotics to replace the body's good bacteria.  After a few days the infection cleared.  I finished the whole course as directed.
	I started using Skinoren along with a treatment of benzoil peroxide and alpha hydroxy lotion as part of a regimen to attempt to clear up ongoing, stubborn adult acne. within about five or six days my skin started clearing up.	Nightly, I would put a small amount of Skinoren, Benzoil Peroxide and an AHA cream (with a 10% AHA)in the palm of my hand and combine, and apply to face nightly. The rest of my regimen included a very gentle face cleanser, and a mild and light moisturizer during the day along with an application of the 10% AHA lotion.
	Levoxyl improved lab results, but I still felt tired, had dry skin and some constipation. Adding Cytomel fine tuned treatment and all symptoms resolved.	I took 100 mg Levoxyl, which provides a thyroid hormone called T4. It's success depends on the body's ability to convert T4 to T3; adding Cytomel proves T3 (the active hormone) directly. I now take 10 mcg Cytomel along with 100 mg Levoxyl and symptoms of low thyroid have resolved.
	I had felt very tired all the time before I started taking the medication.  Also my skin and hair seemed to be very dry.  I have noticed a significant improvement in my energy level since taking the medication.  Also my skin and hair have both improved over time.	I take the medication first thing in the morning about 30 minutes to an hour before I eat breakfast.
	Significant reduction in pain and stiffness with 24 hours, lasting about a week.  Am going to ask my doctor if it is possible to change to weekly injections, as am now alternating between happiness and misery on a weekly basis, as the effect wears out after seven days.	Self-administered injections
	This drug definately does have an effect on depression.  I went on a trip and while I had enough for the duration of the trip, I ran out the day I returned and was unable to get the refill for several days.  I noticed a significant change in my mood and affect and began experiencing symptoms of depression again.  Although I tried to keep a "stiff upper lip" my husband noticed the change.	"Overall, I feel that my treatment with this drug has been successful.  I have not experienced any sexual side effects (which I know can occur with some antidepressants).  My libido is exactly the same as it was before my depression and before I began taking this drug.  I know that this drug can also cause a decrease in appetite as well as the urge to smoke.  My husband and I both smoke and I do smoke less when he is not home.  He is not on any medications and so he will frequently ask me if I want to go outside with him and smoke.  Usually (not always) I say yes for the companionship but sometimes I decline.  When he is not home I will smoke approximately 4 cigarettes in an 8-9 hour period (I used to be a pack-a-day smoker).  

Overall, I feel that this is a useful drug for depression.  I began taking it after my father died.  He battled cancer for 3 years and I took care of him the entire time.  His loss was debilitating to me.  No pill is going to change what I went through or how I feel, but this drug has helped me explore some of the painful feelings that go along with his death without ""coming unglued"".  My doctor prescribed this for me and at the same time switched me from Ortho-Tricyclen (which I was highly loyal to) to Loestrin Fe 24.  I must say that between these two drugs, physically I feel ten years younger (I am 33 but I feel 23 again).  Overall I would rate this drug as successful for me and will continue on it as long as my doctor and I feel is appropriate for me."
	Reduced the pain.	Started taking right after surgery. I had to subsequent surgeries during the following 5 months. Was taking in conjunction with narcotics right after surgery and for a week or so, then only the Celebrex. After about one year, it was reduced down to once a day. I noticed if I didn't take the medication my shoulder would consistantly ache at about a 3-4 out of 10 pain scale. With the medication, I would rate the pain as 0-1, not really noticeable, but still there.
	I had Graves disease in 1990 which indicated that my thyroid function was way too high.  The symptoms were anxiety, sleeplessness, depression and restlessness. I was administered an uptake test and I received radioactive iodine therapy to slow down my thyroid function.  This threw me into a state of low thyroid function.  Synthoid balances my thyroid function to normal and the negative symptoms disappeared.	See my description under "treatment benefits"
	subsided panic attacks,(although not always)	one tablet daily in the a.m.
	Improved skin condition. Blackheads are noticibly smaller and the the pores are not as noticeable.  Fine wrinckles have been minimized. My skin is no longer so oily which I like.	Nightly application of the prescription cream for 4 years.
	It was helpful in reducing the severity on my life-long extremely dry, flaky, itchy skin. It was recommended that I be certain to apply it directly after a shower, when the skin still retains some of it's moisture from the shower itself. This is true for all lotions, but seemed particularly helpful with the Lac-hydrin. Unfortunately, though it was more helpful than many lotions I've used, the benefits did not warrant the higher price of the product. Ultimately, I've found BETTER results with the much cheaper Eucerin and even Curel moisturizing lines.	The Lac-hydrin was applied topically to all parts of my body (expect my face) twice daily. My dermatologist recommended that one of the applications be directly after my shower. The skin will retain moisture from the shower for a bit, and the application of the Lac-hydrin will help to keep it there. I would reapply to dry skin again before bed.
	Within 4 days my skin became visibly smoother, pore size was markedly reduced very quickly and after just a few weeks there was increased firmness and generally younger looking skin. Crows feet and forehead lines also diminshed. Skin strength was greatly improved and I did not need to where make-up to hide imperfections as much, my skin looked more polished.	A dermatologist prescribed Retinova and told me that the longer I used it, the better the results would be. This proved to be correct. He told me to mix a pea sized portion with my usual moisturiser but to only use it once a day, I used it at night. He also stipulated that it was very important to use an effective sun block as Retinova increased sensitivity to sunlight. A number of people commented on the improvement in my skin. After about 12 months a large, brown patch of sun damage on my temple flaked off and didn't come back. I was very disappointed when I went to get my usual 3 month prescription and was told that Retinova was no longer available. I have subsequently used Retin-A but without the same visible results. This wasn't prescribed by the original dermaltologist, he didn't believe Retin-A was suitable for what I wanted to achieve for my skin. Over the counter products containing retinol do help smoothness a little, but nothing compared to the dramatic changes I experienced when I used Retinova. What amazed me the most was how quickly some of the changes occurred, within only a matter of days.
	"Hair came back from a thinning status and a visible scalp through the hair to a much thicker condition with little visible scalp through the hair..

confidence back. i no longer look older than i feel and think my overall esteem has been improved"	"The cost of the Proscar tablets was around $100 dollars Australian and came in 5mg tablet sizes that each needed to be cut into quarters for the daily dosage of around 1mg.

took the tablets every morning around 8am once a day."
	none	daily use for three months with little to no effect
	within a month of starting treatment eyelashes started to grow thicker, longer and darker	put one drop of product on an eyeliner brush, then brushed across each eyelid at the base of the eyelashes.  applied daily
	"After intolerable side effects of an anti depressant it relaxed my stomach (stopped vomiting) relaxed muscles so constant shaking and shivering subsided,helped me sleep and for me to actually have normal and relaxed thoughts.



Taken when needed from normal anxiety it just relaxes body and mind... it's long lasting nature often means that"	"It's long lasting nature often means that if I am experiencing anxiety only one dose is enough to last through the night into the next day... and often it seems as though the body remembers and stores this relaxation so another dose is not necessary. 



I only take when needed which can mean I go months without a dose... this is important as for me personally if I see valium and other benzodiazepine drugs as a long term / life treatment its vital not to become addicted and dependant as this not only means needing a drug to function (shackled by a drug rather than using its benefits when really needed.)



But if your body has constant daily dosing for months or years your brain stopped producing natural relaxation chemicals meaning that you need more and more of the drug to get the same benefit and also because of this after years of high dosage extreme withdrawal symptoms can occur while the brain starts to produce these chemicals again."
	kept the high blood pressure normal. of course patient has also changed lifestyle - exercising four times a week, eating light sodium and low calorie foods. diet of vegetables and fish or white chicken, fruits and grains, no red meats. we believe it is both lifestyle and medication that have lowered the high blood pressure.	one tablet of 10mg once a day
	It effectively slowed my hair loss dramatically. My barber of 15 years says my hair has not changed. I notice slight loss over the years, but I still have a lot of hair whereas I would most certainly be bald without it!	The cost is prohibitive for many. I took Propecia for many years (with great results) until I went to a new doctor and he offered to prescribe it's generic counterpart Finasteride. It costs about $30 for a six months supply compared to Propecia @ $85 for a one month supply. The only drawback is that the pill only comes in 5mg, so you have to cut it into 5 doses of 1mg. For that kind of savings it was no problem for me and it's been working for me for about 5 years! If your doctor won't do it, fire him/her as they are probably on the payroll of big pharma!
	Anxiety greatly diminished shortly after taking alprazolam.  The alprazolam was also effective in calming the mind prior to sleep.  I have taken alprazolam for anxiety attacks, worrisome and obsessive thinking and in order to fall asleep.	The Doctor prescribed alprazolam for anxiety, taken daily every 8 hours or as needed to treat immediate symptoms.
	The stuff works like a charm--fast and effective.	One pill 30 mins. before activity
	Almost immediate (i.e. within 15 minutes) relieve of severe nerve and/or muscle pain in neck, shoulder &/or lower back. These patches work like a miracle for me, although others who have used them say they offered no relief for muscle or nerve or shingles pain.  I have bone spurs in my neck which sometimes irritate the nerves in my neck and cause excrutiating pain ... also periodic sciatica and shoulder and upper & lower pack pain from an auto accident.  Chiropractic and message helps, but these patches are used when those interventions fail to bring about sufficient relief ... especially for the nerve pain in my neck. I use them only as a last resort.	Although the packaging indicates that up to 3 Lidoderm patches can be used at one time for up to 12 hours in a 24 hour period, I have never used more then two patches, and then only rarely.  I usually use one patch and cut it into several pieces to fit specific areas. I have used one patch, cut into 2 pieces on my neck for up to 24 hours several times (i.e. replaced the first patch with a second at the end of a 12 hour period) during severe pain episodes, without any harmful side effects.
	Overall acid reduction; however, it could be sporadic.  With taking the medication, still had to watch diet and avoid triggering foods.  At times, the medication was not effective.	Symptoms were so severe they would wake me up in the middle of the night, gasping for breath at times.  This treatment reduced episodes such as this, but was not 100% effective at all times.
	I was taking this drug as birth control, and it has been extremely effective.  (No children, yet!) The fact that you only need to take it four times a year is great, so it is difficult to miss a dose. (Unlike the pill, which you take everyday, and missing it even once alters it's effectiveness.)  As an added bonus, I no longer have my period, which were extremely painful and disrupted my life for a whole week every month.  I no longer suffer from PMS symptoms, either.  I can not complain about this drug at all.	This drug is administered into a muscle by injection four times a year, by a physician.  The shot is given every ten to thirteen weeks.  Besides being used as birth control, it is also used to treat other conditions.
	significantly helped in reducing congestion and headaches. Incidence of illiness and or secondary sinus infections were reduced.	"After taking allergy tests and having significant response to dust mite allergins and mold, the doctor prescribe some antihistimines. I took several different kinds which had either no effect or made me feel extremely drowsy. 

Trying the allegra helped immediately and I felt fine. It has worked well for me over the years and continues to."
	My acne has been greatly reduced and my skin is a lot clearer. I also found that my skin is less oily. I saw these results within the first month of using the product.	I washed my face with the Oxy wash morning and night leaving the Oxy wash on my face for 3-5 minutes and then I rinsed the Oxy wash off.
	At first I loved this drug. Panic attacks were getting under control and I didn't feel druggy or fuzzy headed.	Sadly, you can't (or shouldn't) take a drug like Xanax forever. So eventually, after using it for four months, I stopped. OMG. Would someone please explain to me whose brilliant idea it was to create a drug that when you stop taking it, causes the same symptoms that it was designed to alleviate to begin with?!?! I ended up going through even worse panic attacks after stopping the drug than I had to begin with! So in spite of the fact that it worked great to begin with, I would NEVER take this medication again. All in all it turned out to be a terrible experience. There are other far less addictive and nasty drugs available for anxiety.
	Was able to gain control after receiving the injection form of the medication.Was helpful in decreasing aggitation,psychosis,delusions.At the end of the required time in seclusion and after giving medication time to take effect patient was able to return to facility population without any further problems.Was able to maintain in a calm manner,much less aggitated and was able to meet to staff to discuss delional ideas.	Patient became aggiatated,delusional and psychotic and needed to be medicated for safty of patient and others.Required seclusion for decrease stimuli for mediation to take effect.Patient was medicated and given the quiet of seclusion and was monitored for saftey.At the end of seclusion time was released and placed back into the facility mileu.
	This worked better than an estrogen patch.  I felt better and vagainal atrophy was almost cleared up.	Rub one packet of gel on the top of either thigh daily.
	I'm told it opens airways, but also hear there are neg side effects. Witout it, I'm a bi more weazy, but not much.	I purchased it in generic form most recently in India. I take one tab nightly. When my asthma is worse, I take it and it helps marginally. It is supposed to be leukotrine inhibitor.
	dramatic increase in eyelash growth and thickness, eyelashes became noticably longer after four weeks, with good growth experienced at the 12 week (3 month mark).	brush on the opthalmic solution (I used a small lip liner brush) directly on the lash line of the upper eyelid, once daily in the evening before bed (on fresh clean skin after makeup removal). Every second evening I also brushed the solution on the underside of the lashline on my upper eyelid by pulling my eyelid up (being careful not to get it in my eyes).
	"The resulting small, fluid-filled blisters (vesicles) most commonly occur on the palms and fingers of your hands and on the soles and toes of your feet. The blisters usually last for three to four weeks.



The blisters often cause intense itching. Scratching the blisters can damage the skin and, in some cases, lead to infection. Once the blisters dry, they often leave cracks and painful grooves (fissures) in your skin.

Risk factors



Dyshidrosis occurs twice as often in women as in men. Other risk factors include:



    * Stress, because dyshidrosis appears to be more common during times of stress

    * Exposure to metal salts, such as chromium, cobalt and nickel ??? usually through cement or mechanical work

    * Having seasonal allergies, such as hay fever

    * Frequently exposing your skin to water or other wet substances"	"The resulting small, fluid-filled blisters (vesicles) most commonly occur on the palms and fingers of your hands and on the soles and toes of your feet. The blisters usually last for three to four weeks.



The blisters often cause intense itching. Scratching the blisters can damage the skin and, in some cases, lead to infection. Once the blisters dry, they often leave cracks and painful grooves (fissures) in your skin.

Risk factors



Dyshidrosis occurs twice as often in women as in men. Other risk factors include:



    * Stress, because dyshidrosis appears to be more common during times of stress

    * Exposure to metal salts, such as chromium, cobalt and nickel ??? usually through cement or mechanical work

    * Having seasonal allergies, such as hay fever

    * Frequently exposing your skin to water or other wet substances"
	ability to sleep though the night decreasing joint/muscle pain and cramps allowing for a more productive day	when I was not able to sleep the pain would increase which would lead to a cycle of not being able to sleep as I could not relax..the meds would help me to sleep which would allow my body to relax - this in turn led to a decrease in my symptoms..though there were still times when this would not be effective, such as if I was under high levels of stress or could not get 8 hours of sleep..if the condition continued for to long, severe depression, weepiness and other symptoms would begin to appear - usually a week of prescription sleep aides would help "re-set" my system and we could get back to the original program.
	"better thought process - clear thinking

better sleep at night

less anxious"	100mg zoloft per day (one pill per day)
	no further hot flushes and palpitations, no mild panic attacks ,much improved sleep pattern, skin tone improved, much more positve attitude and general wellbeing, lowered cholesterol, and loss of weight gained prior to HRT, and also feel that my joints and flexibility has been maintained as physically I really am in much better shape and stronger than non HRT taking friends, and I am not an exerciser but am very activeie. paint the house, walk the dog etc	Very simple, take premarin and provera daily. have tried at various times lower doses maybe come of HRT due to cost factors and mdo I really need it but always go back as symptoms return.
	I feel like a new person. I've had an MRI and all sorts of other tests and no one can find anything wrong with my right hip. I believe I tore the hip flexor several years ago in a yoga class and it never healed properly. Sitting at a desk for work aggravates the pain, and I bike every day which isn't good for it either. Additionally from sitting every day, my upper back and shoulders are often in pain. Celebrex took ALL aches away, and took my hip pain from a constant worrying sharp pain, down to a very mild twinge. LOVE IT.	Took a pill. Swallowed.
	"The sores and scabs healed quite quickly once started on the medication.  Problem was misdiagnosed for about 2 weeks, before a new diagnosis was obtained.

There were  physically while taking the medication.  Quick recovery process."	Other than taking 4 tablets daily (with meals and before bed) for ten days, there were no other details.  Patient responded quickly to the treatment and had no noticeable side effects.  We found this drug to work quickly and effectively.
	The small pimples that accompany perioral dermatitis clear much more quickly with metrolotion.  The dry, red, irritated patches might be slightly calmed by the metrolotion, but topical cortisone is needed to clear them.	Metrolotion applied daily, and cortisone cream applied as needed, keep my perioral dermatitis (which is exacerbated by sun, wind, chlorine, and many facial products like sunscreen) undercontrol.
	Treatment benefits were pregnancy prevention and regulation of menstrual cycle.	The NuvaRing was inserted once a month and kept in place for three weeks. After the third week, the ring was removed so that a menstrual cycle could ensue. After 7 day, a new ring was inserted. There was no pain associated with the insertion or removal of the ring, nor was there any discomfort during sexual intercourse. Overall I am very pleased with the NuvaRing and will continue to use it until I decide to become pregnant.
	I have had 1-2 sinus infections anually, compared to one every 4-6 weeks prior.  I had sinus surgery, THE MOST PAINFUL EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE, some 20 years ago. I cannot recall the last infection I have had since beginning this treatment.	2 sprays in each nostril, once daily
	"The Ranitidine can be taken at any, time throught out the day, with or without food, but should be taken with lots of water. can try 30 mag first then 60 mg etc.

It can be taken up to 4 times per day."	"may have to repeat fairly often, how ever if you have serious acid problem,

you may have to take Nexium for up to 2 months.



The best is to check if you have H.pylori using a breath test, if you have HP

then you have to take A HP pack or the cheaper alternative of nexium or pepacid +

an antibiotic like Ammoxilin, the Hp pack is way overprice."
	Good for sleep and to ease a tension headache and restlessness. You should take it only at beadtime, don't take it before driving a car. For me there are  because of low dose probably. Ideal to balance your mood and improve your life quality.	I started to have it after a nervous breakdown due to panic attacks. First I had 3 tablets a day, but then, with time went by decreased a number of tablets. I still need it two-three times a week when I feel heaviness in my head and it helps in 1 hour after taking it. Highly reccomend for those in depression, with the tension headache and difficulties with sleep.
	Absolutely none. My original dr. prescribed me Xanax, which, for me, is a life-saver. New dr. wouldn't put me on it, so I got Klonopin instead,(1mg, 3x's/day). After Klonopin made me sleepy, I asked for the only other bz he was willing to prescribe,(Ativan),and w/in one week was going through massive w/drawals from the lack of potency of the drug. So, back on Klonopin and the problems went away like that. May as well have been a sugar pill. Needless to say, I found a dr. to prescribe Xanax, and have had no problems since.	Read above.
	Zithromax was uesd to cure the bacterial infection that was located in my lungs. The drug also cured a minor cut infection.	I took a dosage of 1000 mg on e day oje and took a dose of 5oomg on days 2,3,4 and 5
	cessation of hot flashes, vaginal dryness.  The patch is clean and always delivers the same amount of medication, so it is very reliable	Patch was applied to skin twice a week
	No irregular cycles right now, very little cramping or other PMS symptoms.	Pill once a day at the same time every day avoiding grapefruit juice for at least 4 hours before and after dosing.
	The treatment benefits were that my cholestrol levels went from 9 to the 4-5 level.  This was demonstrated by regular blood test results.	A pill is taken every night before going to bed.
	I had very stron earache, which made me unable to work. High-dose Aspirin did not help, nor did Paracetamol. However, Ibuprofen worked perfectly: my pain was letely compgone as long as the tablet taken twas effective. Only about half an hour before I was allowed to take the next tablet did my earache start again. I was very happy!!	3 tablets per day
	It alleviated my Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease(Gerd)symptoms as long as I took the medicine as prescribed by the doctor,one capsule, once a day.	The treatment consist of going to a Gastroenterologist, A physician who specializes in diseases of the gastrointestinal tract. The doctor will perform on you an endoscopy,a visual examination of the interior of a hollow body organ by use of an endoscope to determine if you actually suffer from this ailment. If you do, he will prescribe this medication for you to take.
	the patient felt good. he was relieved of his symptoms. he felt les tired may be becuse of reassurance.the asirin tablets are known in india as blod thinner. the drug is gven to patiets even at a doubt of heart condition.the diazepal is a mild sedative without much sie effects this is proved a good drug for over anxious patients.	aspirin twice a day, diazepalm 5 mg at bed time.this is good routine easy t remember.
	If used regularly, this treatment eliminates the white and rough spots my daughter gets all over her arms and hands (and in some cases, her legs).	When starting the treatment for the first time, I apply a light amount both morning and evenings.  After a few weeks, I apply only once in the evening.
	improvement in daytime wakefulness without the "peaks and valleys" previously experienced taking prescription Ritalin for this condition. There's no excessive nervousness or feeling like I'm taking speed.  I just don't feel like I'm going to fall asleep.	Once daily medication to deter excessive daytime sleepiness associated with sleep disorder Narcolepsy.  Downside of it is that it is VERY expensive.
	prevacid kept me from from having acid reflux.. Have been taking this drug for about 4 years..	When I get up in the morning I take 1 prevacid capsule and I dot not have any acid reflux for the entire day
	I find that this drug effectively eliminates symptoms of restless leg syndrome.  When having to sit in one position for extended periods (long air flights, car trips, meetings,) I experience great discomfort and an almost uncontrollable need to move my legs.  This drug eliminates all discomfort and compulsion to move.  It's terrific!	I take one pill as needed.
	took the reglan to try to empty my stomach before i threw up and the reglan didnt work  -  the tagamet helped - scale 1-10 a 10	chronic ulcers - my tube that carries the food to the stomach had an opening the diameter of a pencil - the reglan was to help empty my stomach once the food finally got there - otherwise it would sit there because my stomach was tilted and the food couldn't drain easily and therefore the stomach acids would keep eating at the food and also the ulcers till they could never quit bleeding - 3 stomach surgeries later and no stomach left to cut away i am healed and need no medications not even mylanta or tums
	Stops acid reflux back into esophagus causes by eating, stooping, bending or even sitting in a position that pushes the stomach up, or just from eating even if standing.  Prevents burns to esophagus that can lead to esophageal cancer and ongoing pain.	I was diagnosed with a moderate to severe case of GERG with an esophageal hernia over 7 years ago, and spent two years at physicians request trying a mix of different OTC drugs.   NO OTC drug worked to stop the burning and the coughing after meals caused by GERD. I tried most everything you'd find in the OTC shelf in a drug store.  Tums, Zantac, etc. etc. etc.   Finally, doctor ordered Prilosec for me, 1/day, 20mg, taken in am before eating.  At that time Prilosec with still not yet over the counter, still requiring a physician prescription.  It worked beautifully and I have taken it since, daily.  If I don't take it, symptoms immediately occur after eating.   It does NOT however stop the cough that occurs after eating or otherwise from GERD. Recently, I have had to increase my dose "occasionally" to 1 pill also before dinner, but that is usually only if I'm eating later than expected.  I have never taken Nexium -- the HMO didn't cover it, but since Prilosec works so well, I don't feel the need to experiment.
	this drug helped the swelling i had in my mouth from an infected area above my wisdom tooth. it didn't help with the pain, i had to take another prescription drug to get all of the swelling and pain to a bearable level. the	while the drug helped with the swelling, it did take a little longer than expected, yet i did have swelling on my cheek and my gums. the drug definitely didn't seem to help with the pain, i needed something stronger to go along with the nabumetone.
	Pustules disappeared and the redness diminished	I took the antibiotic twice daily on an empty stomach to treat grade 5 rosacea.  Although I still get the odd pustule one week prior to menstruation, I do at least generally now have a clear complexion.  My face is still rather rosie - most people think I look healthy!  Sleep, or rather lack of it, seems to affect the condition too.  Before taking the tablets I had at least half a dozen spots on each cheek all of the tim.
	balancing of thyroid back to normal range. Prior to treatment, patient had some mental confusion, weight gain, needed extreme amounts of sleep.  With treatment, mental acuity was obtained, weight stablized, energy increased. At one time treatment was discontinued for one month by MD to ensure that the thyroid gland was not producing adequate amounts of thyroid. Patient was put back on treatment after blood tests confirmed levels in bloodstream.  This treatment has made a positive difference in patients life.	.1mg daily orally.
	Maintained a general feeling of well being and being able to cope with life. When I stopped the treatment (gradually) the depression returned after a couple of months. Having suffered from depression periodically over a number of years, I feel my quality of life has increased with Prozac.	One 20 mg tablet once a day, in the morning.
	Depression lifted, more energy, more focus, more productive at work and school, able to laugh and smile, still felt sad or upset sometime (which is good because it means I didn't feel numb like some anti-depressants make you feel, sleep better.	I take the prescription because my shrink said that she had heard that the generic wasn't as effective. I started taking this to replace serzone (which was taken off the market) but it has been more effective than the serzone ever was.
	reduced nausea from continual to episodic, feeling of fullness decreased	Daily medication first thing in morning prior to eating.  Also eliminated citrus fruit, tomotoes, coffee, alcohol, tea, chocolate.  After several months was able to add back tomatoes, tea and alcohol.  Citrus fruits and juices and coffee still not tolerated.  Also enrolled and practice meditation for stress reduction.  Unsure of the benefits of this.
	Prozac makes me feel just stabilized not really "Happy",it really just levels me out so i can cope with everyday life and the stresses involved. It was one of the better medications i have tried and have tried several over the past few years that really did nothing. Seroquel was also prescribed for sleeping . I took that in combination with the clonazepam	i am being treated for several disorders and will most likely remain on meds for life as i have recurrent depression and chronic insomnia. The phobia seems to dissapate but it can also return again as i have developed it twice, or i could develop another phobia. In essence i have relapsed seen a psychiatrist, a counsellor, and my doctor along with the medications as part of my treatment program over the last 1.5 years
	reduction of hot flashes, and reduction of vaginal dryness. I'd already been trying a vaginal estrogen ring, but this wasn't enough of a dose for me, apparently. Since taking out the ring, which I'd had in for 6 months, and using the cream instead, things have been a lot better (i.e. less dryness, and less pain with intercourse. Yay!	.5 mg cream into vagina, 3 nights per week
	Candida rashes did not disappear. I was doing an anti-candida diet at the same time. i.e cutting out sugars, refined carbs etc. and taking oregano oil, probiotics, pau d'arco tea, caprylic acid. Cream did not work any better than ti tree oil.	I have found other creams to be more effective. Most notably Clotrimazole and Hydrocortizone.
	I am sleeping more deeply, especially during the first four or five hours after falling asleep.  I still have hot flashes during those hours, however I seem to be in a deeper state of sleep and during those hours I usually don't fully awake during the hot flash, as I used to do.  I used to be almost fully awake every time I experienced a hot flash (every 1 to 1.5 hours).  Now I get a few hours of fairly good sleep at the beginning of my sleep cycle.	I take one tablet at bedtime.  I try to delay taking it until I'm just about ready to go to sleep, since the effect is most pronounced in the first few hours after taking the tablet.  Later in the sleep cycle, my hot flashes wake me up more fully, as they have for the last four years.
	This drug reduced inflammation in the nasal passages, successfully treated hay-fever type symptoms, and also helped with hoarseness probably due to the fact that it cleared up post nasal drip.  I like to sing and I found I could sing longer without getting hoarse.	2 sprays in each nostril once per day.  It takes about 36 hours to notice a beneficial effect.  Once my allergies were cleared up I could cut the dose in half and stay allergy free.
	Helped to promote sleep without side effects, hangover or any of the other problems associated with other sleep medications.  The sleep difficulty was caused by a horrible reaction to another medication called Celexa, which appeared to sensitize my nervous system even after the Celexa was stopped.  Ever since taking the Celexa my nervous system has been exquisitely sensitive, with symptoms such as pain, heart palpitations, restless legs, and other such things that totally interrupted my ability to fall asleep and stay asleep.	Used 400-500 mg at bedtime.
	no problems with either meds	none, your questions do not include my problem..... the lid to the lumigan is not easily opened.  At this point I still can open most bottles, etc this required a nut cracker.  Not to good if person has limited skills opening objects... as are most of the glaucoma patient
	"feeling really relieved from the effects of usual depression, that i had for more than 10 years : feeling very low, no energy, daily crying, fear from future, unhappiness and underestimation of myself, regular temptation of suicide, thought i never tried to kill myself, the idea was becoming an obsession. And this terrible feeling of pretending all the time, at work, with friends, that i was ok, had disappeared. 

Before getting pregnant, i was a bit afraid that i have to stop the medication by my doctor told me to go on, that there was no known side effect with pregnancy, so i went on. My son is now 14 months old and is a wonderful healthy little boy, with a happy mother !"	one pill, 50mg/day, for 6 months at first, then as a regular treatment.
	Helped reduce nasal discomforts from seasonal allergies.  I had reduced nasal drainage, less sneezing and less eye irritation.	I was to take this medication as needed to prevent allergic reactions to seasonal allergins. I was not to take any calcium or calcium medication within two hours of taking this medication.
	I experienced nearly immediate decreased acne, without any of the dreaded sun sensitivity. It decrease papuless, whiteheads and blackheads all similarly. The medicine took effect almost immediately. I was not aware was supposed to take on empty stomach and yet still effective.	I also used topical clindamycin daily and benzoyl peroxide over the counter (when remembered). Both clinda and benzoyl persoxide I had tried taking previously without the addition of the tetracycline with little to no benefit.
	A reduction of inflamation in the joints on the hands, feet and elbow.  The nature of taking one does per week was also very beneficial did not have to remember to take daily.	I took 4 tables once per week and daily doses of folic acid.
	My skin was really red (I am very fair skinned) from using harsh products (Obagi) and benzyol peroxide. The redness started to improve within the first week. I just used a mild cleanser and the differin. I had less whiteheads the first two weeks as well but then had a purging period for a couple of weeks. My skin is defininately clearer now but not perfect. Did not help at all with oily skin.	PM: Wash face with mild cleanser. Apply pea size of gel. AM: Wash face with mild cleanser. Apply sunscreen
	Ear infection is gone.	Take the medicine.
	Thicker hair shafts, darker hair color, stronger hair roots, less greying, halting of hair loss, fuller hair, more hair coverage, healthier looking hair.	Apply the topical ketoconazole every twelve hours each day, every week for life.
	reduced swelling so i could bend knee & do physical therapy. the healing on it's own was not happening as fast as 2nd dr. wanted. he said 1st. dr left leg brace on too long there fore muscles tightened up and therapy was very painful.	noneafter leg brace removed, i simply needed to walk. leg muscles neded to be forced to bend-at the same time the knee was cut to the bone in fall and i couldn't bend. the first 2 weeks i could not walk without crutch and put strain on my other leg & hip causing more pain. my skin seemed to be stuck to the bone and had to be manipulated by hand to break loose-this took several weeks w/ physical therapist and myself doing this.
	The Femring is a vaginal ring containing estradiol that was effective in providing HRT (Hormone Replacement Therapy) thereby eliminating hot flashes, vaginal dryness and other menopausal effects.  The Femring is inserted vaginally so the estradiol is absorbed quickly into your skin.  It lasts three months which eliminates the need to take medicine daily.	Femring used vaginally every 3 months for Hormone Replacement Therapy
	They gave me a little more energy for the first week or two.  But then after that, no noticable increased energy was felt.  The first 3 days my hunger seemed to be less, but I think this was only due to a plecebo affect.	I was about 50 lbs overweight.  I was eating all the time, but mostly after about 9:00pm.  And I was always craving sweets.  I tried to get myself to the gym, but I was too tired all the time.  I tried other appetite suppresents, like hoodia, but nothing seemed to work.  The I finally talked the doctor in to prescribing me phentermine.  She was reluctant because I have high  blood pressure and I take medicine for that.  But I took my blood pressure everyday for the 3 months and I had NO increase in pressure as long as I took my medicine.  Unfortunately, after the three months, I had only lost 5 lbs. which, I always seemed to fluctuate anyway.  So to recap, phentermine did absolutely nothing for me.
	Xanax took the edge off of the anxiety without causing drowsiness or interfering with thought process. The anxiety was due to court testimony and memory recall of 5 years prior. Calendar dates were going to be of importance.	Xanax was prescribed for me because I was a plaintiff in litigation and my accurate testimony was imperative, especially memory recall of specific dates 5 years prior to my testimony. The defense attorney was a rude and nasty old man and was deliberately trying to confuse me to the point of tears. My attorney had warned me beforehand about the defense attorney's tactics so I asked my doctor for a short term tranquilizer. During recesses in my testimony (2 days) I would take a Xanax to keep me focused. It worked like a charm and I won the case. It just seemed to keep me sharp, rather than sedated.
	The imitrex I first took by giving myself shots, but now just take the 100mg tablets.  I no longer have migraines.  As soon as I feel a migraine start, I immediately take a tablet, and within an hour the headache had subsided.  No one should have to suffer with migraines anymore.	Decribed above.
	perioral dermatitis disappear completely during the treatment, but occured again after 2 months. During that time I used only natural toothpaste with no flouride in it. I haven't used any cosmetics during the treatment, but I started using facial cream after a week when dermatitis disappered avoiding the area around the mouth. Continue taking 100mg a day for 40 days and I'll see.	perioral dermatitis disappear completely during the treatment, but occured again after 2 months. Continue taking 100mg a day for 40 days and I'll see
	Daily anxiety lessened considerably. When stressful situations arise I am better able to handle them although I am still able to feel somewhat anxious which is good. I don't want to be a zombie with no feelings at all.	I just take 1 pill daily.
	Took the medication for bladder infection.  Never missed a dose and took it for five days.  Infection subsided, but returned about 1 week later.  Would recommend a longer time period.	100 mg twice a day for 5 days.
	"I can now sleep at night and not during the day, although easily stressed these drugs have enabled me to carry out my daily routine with no day time sleeping.

I still would never attempt to work outside the house, the stress level would tip me over. I don't have panic attacks anymore unless a major confrentational situation arises."	Fortnightly visit to psychiatrist, just a general chat, but when something tips me over like my brother dying, or my eldest son has a bad temper and says very aggressive and rude conversation, my nerves, panic attack, depths of despair, At those times I require a session with her and also take a different medication, once of.(serequel)
	There was a complete halt of pain in the foot, which was the most affected area with arthritis, within 3 weeks of use. Swelling of the foot was gone within 5 weeks.	I feel that it is definitely easy to contract a bad cold and then very difficult to overcome it, with the use of Enbrel. However, the benefit outweighs the liability. I would also recommend that the patient have good insurance. This medication is very expensive.
	THE BEST painkillers ever! Quite low dosage when it comes to the active substance used but it does work perfect. I like the fact that they come in two different dosages 200mg and 400mg. When taking this medicine I think that one should take ones weight and the severity of the condition that one wants to treat.	I have used it to take down, fever, headaches, PMS cramps, lumbago, the pain just vanishes.
	Mild improvement of symptoms, however the symtoms were not eliminated.  This required a second treatment of the antibiotic a month later.  Again the symtoms persisted.  A third tretament was taken 6 months later again.  This appeared to have eliminated any chronic symptoms.	Take one tablet daily until the pack was complete.
	The symptoms of the gastritis resolved completely within 12 hours after the first dose and were not experienced at all while on the treatment. There were no troublesome side effects compromising compliance. The once daily dose was also ameanable to comlpeting the course of treatment with ease.	The once daily dose was extremely effective in controlling the debilitating symptoms of gastritis and maintaining the symptom-free period while the treament was taken. There were no side-effects encountered which would have otherwise compromised compliance. The treatment is highly recommended!
	None.  I had a bacterial infection accompanying my flu and there wasnt a single noticeable benefit.	Absoutely innefective.  I easily could have been takign a sugar pill for those results.  Bacterial infection became coniderably worse and was later put on another antibiotic to relieve symptoms.
	Complete reduction in heartburn & reflux.	Nexium worked very well for a few years.  Then, the daily dosage needed to be increased to twice daily.  At twice daily, the same effectiveness has been maintained.  It definitely controls the GERD & heartburn.  At one point, I tried to come off this medication (to have a more natural lifestyle) this was a huge mistake as I immediately had a return of severe heartburn & reflux.
	The major benefit of taking this medication was a decrease in the signs and symptoms of anxiety that I experience when in social situations. It prevents the elevation in heart rate that I normally get, as well as preventing dry mouth, sweaty palms, etc. As a result, I am much more able to focus on the task at hand.	40mg of Inderal generic taken as needed, 1/2 hour before anxiety provoking situations.
	"the reduction in inflammation was so great that there was an overall systemic improvement of

edema resulting from a deeply toxic experience of mold exposure that disrupted my entire

system and made daily life vis a vis food very distresssing and included a taxed liver...the effects

of the inflammation reduction on a daily basis for 2 months calmed my system and provided relief

so that deeper healing could occur."	just a simple use of 3 mg. prednisone in 1 mg. dose 3 times a day
	these drugs eliminated hot flashes;they also appeared to help with restlessness,sleeplessness and made it possible for the patient to live a 'normal'life as if menopause was not happening.	treatment commenced when the patient was only just 40,at which time the symptoms vere already beginning to be very severe.The daily doses were started at  that time,for a while premarin only,and after about a year provera was added,at the patient's requests,based on results of personal research which recommended a combination of the two.After using the drugs for nearly 20 years they were discontinued,the patient feeling they had been of great benefit.
	I was told to avoid coffee, tea, chocolate & peppermint :'(  My hiatal hernia is tiny, but I feel fortunate that I was told about it before it got out of hand.  I feel 100% better 90% of the time, and when I don't, it's usually because I forgot to take my pill the previous day.  I would prefer for my pain to be treated by diet changes alone, but it's nice to have a pill to rely on.  It's my goal to control my pain naturally, wish me luck!	One a day  before the largest meal of my day, normally dinner.  Antibiotics for my Ileocecal Valve problem.
	"Easy to use. 

Highly effective."	Nuvaring is a very easy to use method of birth control. Even though the instructions advise you to take the ring out for three weeks, and have a ring week free after, my OB/GYN recommended that I leave it in for four weeks and on the day the ring should go back in just put a new one in. I only have my period every three months on this method, and have not experienced any side effects.
	The treatment results were successful.  The prescription took the pain away.	I had a facelift and the doctor prescribed this drug for any pain associated with the surgery.  I only had to take the medication for approximately two days, possibly 3 but it was totally effective as a pain killer.  I would take it again.
	I had tesiticular cancer, and I became addicted to OxyContin.  Try as I did, I simply could not kick the habit.  Methadone really worked for me, and after a while, I tapered at a slow rate.	Ten Miligrams daily.  Of course, at first you have to deal wiht the clinic, but take-home doses are easy to earn as long as you're doing what you're supposed to be doing.
	Reduced pain caused by erythema, ability to carry out day to day activities without too much discomfort. Though tiredness was on of the side effects of the problem this could not be resolved with drugs, though blood tests did show whether the situation was improving or not.	Gentle exercise was encouraged to keep the circulation going. Keeping the erythema affected are rested, by keeping it resting up when sitting down or lying down with a cushion to aid. When swelling occurred anti-inflammatory medication and pain killers were useful in giving some relief.
	the drug was effective in reducing high thyroid hormone levels	tapazole was used to lower high thyroid hormone levels which provided immediate relief of high blood pressure, heart palpitations, hot flashes and gastrointestinal issues associated with high thyroid hormone levels. Combined with natural/homeopathic treatment, I am now in remission from autoimmune related hyperthryoidism (Grave's Disease)
	Initially, I was concerned because I had knee surgery and was on crutches for six months.  I gained weight rapidly and didn't know why.  After taking a blood test, it was determined that my thyroid level was low.  Once taking the medicine, my blood tests came back ok, but the weight did not decrease as the doctor had said it would.	I take one pill everyday at the same time.
	I had felt so depressed over the diagnosis of my mothers terminal illness and after taking this medication for less than 2 months I noticed that I could control my emotions much better.	Mother diagnosed with terminal illness.  Difficult time for me.  Cried alot.  Lexapro let me get hold of my emotions.  I felt that I could cope with the situation better.  The doctor increased my dose to 30mg after about 3 months.  I don't feel that it made a significant difference so, I cut back to 20mg.
	My symptoms prior to taking the medication was the feeling of anxiety, sadness, I cried often and easily. After taking the medication I felt like I could cope with my problems and my day to day activity was more managable with what was happening with my personal life. I was told by my physician this medication could be taken long term if needed. I know some medication of this type can make you feel spacey. This medication had no effect like this on me whatsoever.	I 300 mg tablet once a day. I did start @ 150 mg and then increased to 300 mg after a couple weeks.
	removed bacteria from a rather invasive surgery that could have encountered complications which could lead to other serious side effects	Taking One capsule 3 times per day to combat infection and I found it to work effectively
	It helped with the itchy watery eyes and congestion	used the claritin D 24 hours seems to work better than the 12 hour.  overall with continued use my allegies seem to diminish, liek the sneezing and runny nose, itchy eyes.  I mostly have seasonal outdoor allegies.  I'm ot allegic to pets or other similar things so I'm not sure how effecive it would be on those symptoms.
	According to thyroid tests that I take every year, the combination of levothyroxine and cytomel are keeping my hypothyroid under control.	It took some trial and error to find the right combination of drugs to treat my hypothyroid, but once we started the combo of levothyroxine and cytomel, my tests show that everything is under control.  I take the one pill of each one first thing in the morning with lots of water before eating anything.  I have to wait 30 minutes before I eat breakfast.  The hardest part is that I have to wait 2 hours before I take any calcium pills, which means I often forget to take my calcium.
	Neurontin helped prevent hypomania and headaches.  Neurontin allowed me to feel less like I was aboard a runaway train.  I was able to back off enough so that I was able to move normally.  It also helped with the headache associated with a subdural hematoma.	When I was on Depakote for bipolar d/o we added Neurontin 900mg TID and within a few days I had a noticable lessening of hypomanic symptoms.  After I had a subdural hematoma associated with severe headaches, we incrreased the dose of Neurontin to 1200mg TID and there was almost complete amelioration of symptoms.
	inhibits allergic reactions	I used it prior to bedtime every day in order to prevent allergic reactions and sinus infections
	What I really like about this medication is that it cleared up my sinuses. I no longer experience the tingling feeling that I had in my cheeks and around my lip area. I am also very happy that the medication helped me with my allergies to dust and to the effects of dry air on my nose. It stopped my nightly nose bleeds.	For the treatment I was given a few options as to how I could take the medication. One option was to take 1/4 of the medicine at night and take a tablet of Zyrtec during the day time. Another option was that I could take 1/4 at night without the Zyrtec during the day. I was also allowed to take 1/2 a table to 1 whole tablet daily. I tried all of these and the one that worked the best for me was taking 1/2 a tablet at night everyday.
	presumably my high colesterol was lowered as a result of taking this medication.	I was advised to take 10 mg once a day in the evening after dinner. The only reccommendation was not to have grapefruit as that might affect the potency of the medication.
	After polypectomy, kept polyps from reforming to a large degree though I've never regained my sense of smell except for periodic whiffs of gasoline, etc.	Treatment is simple. I only spray in nostrils twice a day.
	"was placed on ritalin due to extreme fatigue assosicated with fibromyalgia.

medication highly effective in overcoming lack of energy and the tiredness that would never seem to go away.

the fatigue was worse than the physical pain associated with fibromyalgia."	"i take 15 mgs in am and noon and 10 mg late afternoon.

this medication has given me a life back and am forever grateful to be on it.

this medication sometimes gets a bad rap and does not appear to be used widely for the treatment of fibromyalgia, but for me it is a true, true positive medication with ."
	Whenever I had a diarrhoea attack I could take two pills of the drug and the attacks diminished in numer and intensity, not blocking my intestinal activity afterwards	After the first attack I take two pills of Imodium, then uno more pills per subsequent attack, with a maximum of 8 pills per day. If no more attacks happen in the next eight hours after the last diarrhoea episode, there is no need to take more pills
	It cured the rash around my upper lip and chin area	I took the prescribed dose for 6 months(even though my dermatologist said I could stay on it indefinitely). The rash disappeared within 1-2 weeks.I was very pleased with the medication.  It has been 1 1/2 years since my breakout and so far I have not had the rash return.
	this drug claims 99.9% accuracy when administered daily with very little side effects, have been using for several years with no weight gain and no accidents. the packaging is simple, easy and convenient.	dosage is a daily administration, not complex. pretty convenient.
	Once I was diagnosed properly and began taking the synthroid, my dry skin cleared up, my energy level increased and my depression lifted.  My hair is now thick and shiny again.  I did not have weight gain so I cannot comment on that.	I take one pill every morning with a very large glass of water.  I must wait one hour before eating or drinking anything but water.  I take this pill at the same time every morning and it took about 2 to 3 weeks to begin feeling better.  I must get regular, every 3months, bloodwork to check thyroid levels.
	I was able to eat without nausea and vomiting after meals.  I was able to regain lost weight.  I was able to eat normal sized meals again.	I didn't have usual GERD symptoms of heart burn.  I was skeptical that my stomach was producing too much acid.  I tried other home remedies like drinking diluted apple cider after a meal that seemed to work at times but didn't always.  After my doctor prescribed prilosec, it took several weeks before relief was complete.  I am still taking the medication but have scaled back to 20 mg just once a day.
	well controlled seasonal allergies and improved breathing.  I was able to use this medicine for allergies but also noticed that my general breathing, especially while working out, also improved.  Years later I was diagnosed with reactive airway disease instead of asthma.  I had noticed I had a much harder time jogging during the seasonal changes until I started taking the Claritin.  Then running became much easier, so it now makes sense to me that the Claritin helped so much.	The treatment details were very simple as far I can remember.  One pill once a day.  I stayed on the Claritin for at least three years.  I do not recall any side effects or problems during this time.  Eventually it seemed as if I didn't have any allergies because I had gotten so used to the positive effects of taking this medication.
	Was getting up to urinate 3-6 times a night to urinate. NOw can sleep through the night getting up not at all or one time. excellent results - could not be happier. Dr. did digital exam, but felt no abnormality, but said hypertrophy could be on side he could not palpate, so to try tamsulosin. It worked!	took as prescribe. I started off with one capsule per day, then, as soon as possible, went to two capsules per day. Two capsules per day did the trick. Am able to sleep through the night the majority of the time!
	Strength returning, clarity, ability to breath improved	The doctor only prescribed the exact dosage and days.  One tablet every day for 5 days.  I was disheartened that my health insurance only paid 10 - 15% of the cost of the medication because it was a very expensive mediaction.  Every time I took a pill I felt like I was swallowing a 20 dollar bill.
	The benefits were simple--NONE	I read carefully over the booklet and the website, thinking that maybe i was doing something wrong. I took the lunesta along the zanaflex hoping for a better result and, none!! Took it at 11pm and 3:44am, im still going strong-not even a yawn! I was formally on ambian, which would take over an hour to kick in, but my sleep time was averaging about two hours.
	A muscle in my neck was pinching a nerve such that  if i turned my head or lay on that side my arm would instantly start to tingle and my hand fall asleep.  The Flexeril was effective in relaxing my muscles enough to make this merely a slight sensation within about twenty minutes, and over aperiod of one two two months the problem went away entirely.	I was prescribed Flexeril (10mg) for a muscle spasm in my neck that was pinching a nerve to my right arm.  I took the ten miligrams of Flexeril three times a day for about a month as needed as it was prescribed. Then, as the symptoms lessened to the point where they only bothered me on and off, I took the ten miligrams only once or twice a day depending on how my neck felt for about another month, and finally, during the next month, I only took it when I started to feel like the symptoms might be coming back, which was maybe once or twice a week.  Since then, I have not experienced any symptoms, and it has been over a year.
	I had   persistent periodontal problems, both stressful and painful.  Every dentist I saw  told me I was going to lose my teeth.  This drug  cleared up the condition.  It protected me against inflammation for the entire period of time that I took it.  I continued taking the drug much longer than is usually recommended because it was so effective. The effectiveness did not seem to diminish.	A dentist in my dental HMO prescribed it and was willing to continue to do so because I implored him to do so.
	much more effective than synthroid in raising body temperature, relieving fatigue, and weight loss	take once per day in the morning
	The tamoxifen has kept my condition (benign) constant and with no signs of maligancy developing for ten years since the discovery of the condition.  Levothyroxine raised my levels to normal and I am less fatigued and feeling generally healthy.	"I took tamoxifen for 5 years on a daily basis and continue to have biannual checkups.



Levothyroxine stared with a 25mcg dosage. A follow up blood work showed the dosage had to be raised  to 50 mcg and is what I am now taking."
	Prior to taking Nexium I had continuous GERD.  I took every type of antacid over the counter.  In addition I had more episodes of Asthma and cystitis.  Whenever I had extreme heartburn I would also get the other 2 problems mentioned above.	I was first prescribed this medicine by my family practitioner.  In order to get a refill on the medication, I had to go to a GI doctor and be scoped.  My GI stated that I could be on this medicine indefinitely.  Whenever I forget to take the medicine my GERD returns the next day, along with the other problems.
	The paxil ,valium combination releived my symtoms.	"I was prescribed paxil for depression, it worked but the side effects became to much after about 2 yrs, but for those 2 yrs . my depression and axiety were under control. The valium does releive my anxiety symtoms .

I was taking 20 mg paxil one time a day at waking and 5 mg valium 3 times a day if i was feeling nervous. Have since started taking a  vitamin called GH3 and a liquid multi vitamin with cannibis at bed time, have been  depression and anxiety free for one year."
	after being given this treatment there was no coughing no vomitinig like i had experienced with some other bp medication	had blood pressure at 7 month pregnant was taking labetolol after pregnancy tred a few which made me feel ill aprovel makes me feel very well no side effect my blood pressure is now the lowest it has ever been even before i was pregnant
	It cleared the skin infection,effectively and quite fast, was convenient to take, and easy to remember.	Pill to be taken orally without tea. Side effects may be because of lack of tea, which i am used to drinking throughout the day, rather than drug effects
	It removes boyh visible a nd unseen sun damage from the skin	Topically applied cream that ulcerates the changed or damaged skin cells that are considered precanerous  it creates red welts that take antwhere from two to 6 weeks to develop then when you stop using the cream it takes  to 14 days to heal any flake off leaving very clear clean skin.
	The drug is supposed to help decrease tear production. My eyes are still dry and get irritated easily. However, they are better than before I started the drug. On the ocassions when I have stopped using it for 2-3 weeks, my symptoms worsen, so it does appear to be helping.	I insert 1 drop of Restasis in each eye morning and evening. In between I use preservative free artificial tears as needed.
	None-Well, my TSH is only .02, but my thyroglobulin levels are elevated as well as antibodies. So...MAYBE this helped keep the cancer down (over the years I've had multiple I-131 treatments, 33 IMRT or external beam radation treatments, and multiple surgeries to the neck region. The drug does NOT seem to help with the symptoms that were evidence since realizing I had thyroid cancer.	The drug does NOT seem to help with the symptoms that were evidence since realizing I had thyroid cancer, but the blood test results seem good.
	Skin irritation and dandruff were eliminated after third use.	Shampoo twice a week for at least three weeks. Apply on wet hair, massage with fingers and leave a product on the skin for about 5-10 minutes, then wash off with warm water. Do not use any conditioner after washing.
	helped with anxiety.	After graduating from high school,best friend died in a car wreck.  It was an extremely hard time.  While going to therapy, was prescribed zanax for anxiety.  I only took it when needed and did feel that it helped.  I feel that this type of medication is beneficial when it is taken properly and not abused.
	"The treatment benefits were the initial complaint of monthly cycle depression and nervousness went from occurring for a ten to fourteen day period down to a two day  

time frame.  Monthly menstruation also occurred in a more timely fashion - every 28 days."	Synthroid is taken first thing in the morning, on an empty stomach, with a large glass of water.  I wait four hours until I consume any type of calcium but I only wait one hour until I have all other kinds of food.
	After a couple of years of Propecia taking, I stopped loosing hair on the top of my head, moreover, it seems that hair got a little bit more dense, although I am not sure if this is just a feeling or a fact. It didn't improve my hairline in the temples though.	Treatment is very simple, I take one pill per day (in the morning).
	The treatment benefit was that my fever went down. My tonsilitis was also cured. After seven days or even less I was already feeling better. One benefit is that the cure can be taken orally with no downtime. It did not cause any side effects but sped up my recovery.	My doctor prescribed Amoxicillin 500 mg. I had to take this three times a day for seven days. I had to take it with paracetamol which reduces fever. I took each the Amoxicillin and paracetamol together with a meal. I took them in the morning for breakfast. I took the next one at noontime during lunch. And I took the third one in the evening at dinner.
	I believe that there are multiple treatment benefits of Taking Tylenol for my headache. Tylenol is safe, inexpensive, and does not require a physicians prescription. Additionally, it is available almost everywhere and therefor is convenient.	There are no deatails to report. My headache was gone within 30 minutes.
	Ejection Fraction increased from 27% to 55% over period of 8 years. No longer have chest pain, congestive heart failure, difficulty breathing, can do almost anything I want to.	Began with 3.25 mg dosage taken 2 times a day for two weeks.  Then doubled the mgs each two weeks thereafter until up to 25 mgs two times a day.
	There was an inital reduction in symptoms however in the end the treatment was not effective. The condition was eventually cleared up with Vandazole gel, which did work.	At my annual exam the condition of vaginal bacteria was discovered. The doctor prescribed Metrogel which I took for 5 days in the evening at bedtime. The symptoms resumed within 1 day of completing treatment. A re-visit to the doctor resulted in a prescription for Vandazole gel, which did work.
	Zoloft allowed me to continue my daily activities in a stressful job without feeling depressed or anxious.  I was more motivated to get out of bed and was more outgoing and energetic on the job.	I had been on antidepressants on and off for the past 10 years and my primary care provider was willing to prescribe the medication based upon my request and description of my symptoms.
	relieved pain, swelling, progression of damage to joints	one injection every other week...only problem with medication was exhorbitant cost
	effective in helplng to control acid reflux	One tablet once a day
	symptoms of shortness of breath were reduced within weeks of starting this medication. Felt more energy during the day.	Overall, treatment has been effective. Only able to take am dosing due to increase in energy. Had difficulty sleeping with afternoon into evening doses. Significant improvement in symptoms after first few weeks of treatment. Will continue to take as long as dosing is effective.
	The treatment benfits were...I was able to over come depression with assitance from the drug paxil.  Along with therapy and Paxil I was able to live a normal life till I was able to do it alone through the coping methods I learned in Therapy.  I had  and paxil took the edge off and allowed me to work ont he issues subjectively.	We con't to keep the dosage as is due to favorable results.
	On day two of taking prempro at 5pm, I felt the extreme crashing fatigue and weakness go away! I felt a calmness in my nerves and I no longer had hot flashes, my skin was actually cold to the touch. The underarm body odor that had occured out of nowhere, so bad I had to wear my husbands deoderant, that also went away immediatly. Energy level increased and the all over illness I felt went away.  Thank God!	I take 1 pill at about 6 pm in the evening.
	mild facial improvement, healing was faster. Problem persisted. Problem increased upon ceasing of the medication.	once daily doryx, a time release version of doxycycline. It is a much more expensive version and when the insurance stopped paying for it the cost was prohibitive, like ten dollars per day. You could opt for the twice daily generic doxycycline, the manufacturer claims this is more effective.
	lower top/bottom reading numbers. I really don't understand the readings but initially they were like 140/90. now they read 120/70.	Missed a few doses while traveling. was reminded by slight headache which doesn't occur otherwise. contacted pharmacy for a 6 day amount. headache cleared.
	The drug significantly lower my blood glucose level. Currently my blood glucose runs an average of 115 with some days below 90.	I take one tablet in the morning after or with my breakfast.  So far no additional dosage is required.
	Immediate relief and full recovery within 1 week.	I had been suffering from repeated yeast infections that I hadn't been able to cure on my own with traditional store-bought treatments. After over 2 months of chronic scratching, the skin of my outer vulva was red, sore and still outrageously itchy. My gynaecologist prescribed Betaderm to be applied twice daily for 2 weeks, and it worked amazingly well with .
	The famotidine has pracically eliminated the hives in conjunction with the Doxepin. I am now down to 20 mg of famotidine a day - I just take it in the evening. The next step will be to start taking it just every other day until I am off it completely. We'll monitor the hives alont the way, of course.	Please see treatment benefit answer.
	Increased energy, ability to focus, and increased ability to lose weight.  Patient suffered fewer low blood sugar episodes.  Thirty pounds of weight were lost in the first year.	Patient has Hashimotos disease.  Prescribed synthroid.  Patient also working to follow a low carb diet, regular exercise, and normal sleep.  Over time, synthroid dosage has increased, to 112 mcg per day from the original dose of 50.  This is some cause of concern re: progression of the disease, but so far, no alternative approach/therapy seems to counteract this progression.  Blood work required every 6 months in order to help ensure proper dosage.
	"It cleared up the ear infection, but still didnt feel well from the cold my head was still conjusted and runny nose, but as far as the pain in the ear that

went away after taking the amoxicillin after a day.  I am continuing to take it to make sure the infection goes away."	I was told to take amoxicillin 3x day /claritin/ motrin and did all those things and seemed to work fine.
	Stopped suicidal thoughts, stopped my constant worrying , my mind felt at peace for the first time in my life	took about 2 weeks to work and then the results felt miraculous as the constant suicidal thoughts gradually disappeared.
	"The combination of weekly 20mg. Methotrexate with an infusion (at the doctor's office) of Remicade has almost completely controlled my rheumatoid arthritis.

I have had no further joint damage, and the initial symptoms of extreme fatigue and pain in the small joints of my hands, wrists, feet and ankles has abated."	I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis about two years ago and began treatment with a combination of Remicade (infused once every eight weeks over a period of about 2 hours in my doctor's office) and Methotrexate 20 mg. once a week. I take 8 tablets every Friday, 2.r mg. each. I have had no negative side effects from either medication.
	When I started taking the Augmentin I was ill about 3 weeks. After the treatment infection is gone. Augmentin worked after other antibiotics did not.	Infection cleared up about 3-4 days after I finished. My 55-years-old father successfully recover from phneumonia by means of Augmentin too. He has  too.
	After approximately two weeks of first using Prevacid, I noticed significant improvement in my symptoms.  Within 2 months, the symptoms had completely been resolved.	I began experiencing serious stomach pains and persistant diarrhea.  Friends and family suggested that I had irritable bowel syndrome and I thought I would just have to deal with it.  My symptoms progressed to the point that I was barely eating and had lost a significant amount of weight.  I consulted with a gastroenterologist who performed an endoscopy.  I was diagnosed with multiple stomach ulcers and was prescribed Prevacid 15 mg capsules to take once daily.  Within 2 weeks of taking the medication, I started to notice improvement in my ability to eat certain foods.  Within one month, I could eat practically anything with only an occasional onset of symptoms.  After 2 months, I was no longer having any problems.  My doctor recommended that I continue taking the medication and I did so for approximately one year.  I have had no problems since discontinuing the medication so it definitely resolved the problem.
	no hot flashes and decrease in night sweats	one tablet in the AM
	Decreased the acidity in stomach.	I took a capsule twice a day for two weeks to help control the excessive acidity in my stomach.
	It lowers blood pressure from 100/150 to 85/130 and it also helps eliminate excess  fluids which made me very bloated. Now when I wake up in the morning my eyes are not that swollen. Also my heart seems to work without much effort. Before I felt my heart pumping hard and now I can't hardly feel it.	I take 1 pill of 5 mg every night before going to bed.
	becoming a normal functioning individual. it helped with the worry or feelings of anxiety. when diriving not being overwhelmed and felling confident. able to go in stores and be around people. not feeling tired or other types of side effects associated with anxiety drugs. not addictive, unlike other drugs. eventually i was able to stop taking the drug for a full recovery	taken once daily.
	I was able to function until later in the day, without needing a nap	I was diagnosed with RA in April 07 after 2 years of different doctors.  The fatigue was overwhelming.  The Provigil is helping.
	Mum is notably brighter and more responsive whilst taking Aricept.  On mornings when tablets are forgotten (or inadvertantly dropped) she is much less alert and therefore alot more challenging to care for (less likely to be able to perform tasks she usually can perform herself)	Onset of signs approx 15 years ago.  Diagnosed approx 12 years ago and taking aricept for approx 11 years.  Dose has been gradually increased and at times medication has been stopped because we've been unsure it's still helping - but we notice the difference without them
	She did not seem to have much benefit from it.  She still had considerable gas & acid reflux.	She was to take one pill in the morning with the first meal of the day.  No other treatment instructions.
	reduced symptoms after using the cream for a total of two months.	cream applied twice per day for two weeks. one week without treatment and than two weeks on the treatment.  Repeat this regiment until symptoms are reduced or disappear.
	cleared up nose	n/a
	"Vicodin 500mg- reduced bone pain caused by Neulasta shot.

Dexameth 4mg.- reduced drug reactions caused by chemotherapy.

Compazine 10mg.- reduced nausea caused by chemotherapy.

Taxotere/Cytoxan- going thru tx. at this time. hope to be cancer free!

Neulasta shot- increased whit blood count so we could continue with chemotherapy."	"Vicodin 500mg- take as needed for bone pain caused by Neluasta shot.

Dexameth 4mg.- Take 2 tablets night before chemo tx., 2 tablets morning of tx, tablets evening of tx., two tablets am after tx.

Compazine 10mg.- take one tablet every six hours as needed for nasuea from chemo.

Taxotere/Cytoxan- total of four treatments for IDC breast cancer, Grade 1, Stage 2, 0ne lymph node involved. Prior treatment completed- Dec.08 lumpectomy and sentiel node removal, Jan 09 full mastectomy with lypmh node dissection (removed 18), started chemotherapy Feb 22 09 once every three weeks, just had third tx on Mar 31 09.

Neulasta shot- total of four treatments given 48 hours after chemotherapy tx. Shot is given in the stomach area to reduce the side effects."
	Hardly any- it was much less effective than paracetamol against the pain. I still had to take the maximum dose of ibuprofen to reduce the pain. I hoped taking Voltaren as well would extend the analgesic effects of the ibuprofen but it was fairly ineffective.	75 mg Voltaren & 2.4g ibuprofen a day during periods of extreme pain
	I have only been taking it 2 weeks but it so far eliminated my night sweats and hot flashes and in just 2 weeks I have noticed my skin looks and feels like I am 20 again my slight wrinkles on my face vanished almost overnight I look and feel younger. I am so impressed with my complexion.	Used to treat surgical menapause and I plan on continue for as long as I can.
	This treatment helped with my rheumatoid arthritis as I had decided not to take any stronger drugs anymore.  I attribute my being able to function on just one a day to my taking of many supplements, i.e. fish oils, MSM, Vit C, E and so forth.  I also do Tai Chi and try to stay as active as I can.  So far, so good!!	I started off with one 600 mg tablet 3X a day and am now down to 1 a day.
	drug was prescribed for off label use to treat recurrent infections by physician whose protocol addresses high viral load in limbic system (chicken pox) and GI tract (MMR vaccine remnants).  It seemed to work - could be that other environmental variables were removed simultaneously but I can't think of variables that were exactly concurrent with taking of this drug.  It stopped 6 week recurrent symptoms of cold/flu-like exhaustion.	see above - off label use for recurrent cold infections.
	Much greater ability to breathe.	I took this for maintenance to prevent asthma exacerbations. I used it every morning by exhaling first then inhaling the medication from the disc. It worked well when I used it.
	Before when I had a migraine headache I used to be in agony for at least 48 hours. I would have to go to bed because the pain was so bad. I could hardly see and my stomach would be so upset that I would be sick to my stomach. Nothing that I tried ever worked. With the zomig, usually within 1-2 hours and sometimes less I would have tota relief of my migraine headache.	It was recommended that as soon as I felt the migraine coming on that I take a zomig tablet. The one that I take is the rapimelt that I put under my tongue and it melts usually in less than a minute. I find that I usually het relief within in 1 -2 hours.
	Ear pain decreased on the third day.  Ear pain was gone by the day 5. Both infections went away on the 6th day.  This drug worked as expected and the results were remarkable.	I took the zithromax for 5 days, once a day with two dosages on the first day just as prescribed.  I rested for the first three days and experienced a great improvment in my condition.
	I can not shut my mind down to go to sleep.  I will lay there and think of thing after thing and cannot "shut down." I originally took ambien for insomia, but my insurance would not fully cover the prescription and it was too expensive to take nightly.  My doctor put me on trazadone as a safe, low cost alternative.  I take 1/3 to 1/2 of a trazadone each night. I vary the dosage, depending on how "excitable" I feel that day. It takes roughly 20 minutes to one half of an hour to take effect.  If I don't go directly to bed after taking it, if I stay up watching tv or reading, when I start to feel the effects I give in and go to bed immediately.  I have got into doing something and fought it off before and sometimes you can overcome it, but another time I accidently took it with my morning vitamines and was not able to go to work.  I had to go back to bed!  I love the drug and since I tend to be high strung anyway, I am sure that I am receiving multiple benefits from trazadone.	I take 1/3 to 1/2 of a tablet each night about 20 to 30 minutes before going to bed.
	The immediate benefits were the relaxing, pain free life I am now experiencing. I am not sure how long it will last, but I will take the relief for now. I have suffered with terrible back pain for going on 8 years, and until I was prescribed valium and Norco combination, I was still in excruciating pain. The combo eases the muscle spasms and basically stops all pain in my lower back. When I awake, I am hurting, but within 20 minutes of taking meds, I am my old, 25 year old self again.	I am very happy with my doctors prescribed meds, and hope Valium continues to work for me in the same manner it has so far. I would highly recommend this combo for anyone having back pain or anxiety. As I live and work a very hectic job, the Valium effects are a plus to keep me on an even keel, allowing me to do my work with a more mellow attitude.
	For over a period of several years my blood pressure has gone down and has stayed down. Follow up visits to the doctor have proven to be much better when blood pressure was checked. The doctor has recommended that I stay on this product and along with exercise should be highly effective.	The treatment with Diovan is very simple. One pill at night before going to bed.The reason for that is most people's blood pressure increases at night and many people die in their sleep at night because of high blood pressure. The problem I have is that the pills get stuck in my throat and I have to eat something like a grape or anything really that will help the pill go down.It does not seem to keep me awake at night which is good.
	I have been struggling with adult acne. A dermatologist prescribes the Minocycline and for the first two months, it worked great. I had perfectly clear skin AND I noticed that my hair STOPPED falling out at it's normal rate. All the women in my family start losing their hair starting in their thirties and by the time they are 60, wigs are definitely in order. Also, I normally get tonsil stones. These also ceased.	Originally, the dermatologist prescribed that I take the antibiotic for two months. I finished the course and the acne started to come back. At that time, I went to see my GP and she said, "If it's working, keep taking it for up to the next 6 mos. to a year." Against my better judgment, I took the Minocycline for another two months. The efficacy obviously diminished over time and did not solve the root problem, whatever it may be.
	getting rid of a migraine after years of suffering. Have lost count of the ruined parties, weddings, holiday days etc before a friend recommended this tablet to me. To me it is simply a magic pill.	I take one 2.5mg tablet, usually after suffering for a few hours. (I like to make sure because I don't want to waste them on an ordinary headache!) After about 90 minutes the migraine has gone.
	No fluctuation anymore. Normal bloodpressure ever since	One daily dose of 30mg at night, never skipping a day. I go 3 to 4 times a year to my hypertension ist for checkups.
	The benefits were a very gradual reduction in the appearance of sun spots on the skin. The spots themselves never disappeared but lightened over a period of time. The general appearance of the skin also improved slightly but it did not prevent new spots from appearing as I noticed that they did, although I suspect that the cream probably kept them lighter than they would have been. Discontinuation did make the darkness come back into the sun spots after about 4 to 6 months however.	Topical application of the cream daily, usually at night. The recommended amount was "pea sized" but I found it too thick to get this amount to massage into the whole face.
	effective in helplng to control acid reflux	One tablet once a day
	I've used 40mg Inderal for situational anxiety a few times per month over the past 6 years. I found it to be very effective when taken 30min to 1hr prior to public speaking, large social gatherings, dates, and other anxiety provoking situations. It really helps decrease signs of nervousness resulting from the fight-or-flight response, such as increased heart rate, sweaty palms, and dry mouth.	as above
	I had experienced decreased energy and increasing tiredness for several years.  It got to the point I was taking naps for the first time since I was a small child, and still didn't feel refreshed.  I also felt cold frequently and had put on a good 20 pounds in a year.  When I went for my annual physical, my blood work came back with high cholesterol for the first time.  I thought it was advancing middle age.  Fortunately, my MD put it all together and ordered a thyroid test.  I was very low.  Within two weeks, I felt energized and my mood improved.  I have shed some (not all, darn it) of the weight and my cholesterol score is lower.	As I said, my doctor spotted the symptoms and ordered a thyroid test.  When it came back very low, she prescribed 75 mg a day of levothyroxine, and I felt a little better almost immediately.  Within 2 weeks, I felt younger, more energy, better mood and my weight gain stopped.  I have enough energy to exercize and with only a slight shift in my fairly healthy diet to less fat and more fruits and vegetables, the weight has slowly come off.  I have my thyroid checked every 6 months with good results so far.  Between the medication and some dietary changes, my cholesterol is down from 230 to 206.  I still have about 6 pounds to get back to my starting weight.  Unless there's a permanent cure out there, I won't mind taking this little lifesaver forever.
	Over the course of about three to four months of daily use, lifelong allergies started to decrease and then disappear altogether.	1 Tablet once per day, each day.  It takes 3-4 weeks of daily use to get the full benefits.
	This is the best migraine medication on the market. Imitrex no longer works for me. I cannot be without maxalt or I will be in the ER. When I took Imitrex, I would have to repeat the dosage every 8-10 hours for 3 days. But, with Maxalt, I take one dose and it lasts for the whole migraine and I never have to take another dose until the next migraine.	"LOVE THIS MEDICATION

Can you say LIfe SAVER?"
	The rash and itch were suppressed after 2 days, and gradually the rash disappeared over the course of 7 days.	i was instructed to take the pills orally every morning until the rash subsided
	I took lamectal to replace Lithium hoping it will help stabilize my mood.  But after two years of taking it, it did not seem working.	I used to take lithium for my bipolar disorder and it worked great.  Because of my age, and an episode of lithium toxicity, my doctor suggest I stop using lithium, instead, try Lamectal.   I took Lamactal for two years now, I had three episodes of depression which was quite bad.  I think Lamactal is not working.  My doctor suggest to change to Depokote and give it a try.
	my cholesterol is well controlled now.blood test show my cholesterol is under control now. down from 6.5 to 3.6	1 pill taken on the morning each day.
	My son attends a preschool with many mulberry trees on the grounds.  These trees drop large amounts of pollen right on the children during parts of the year.  He would begin to itch all over and develop red splotches on his face.  The pediatrician prescribed Singular each night and it has alleviated all his symptoms.	One tablet disolved in mouth before bed.  He dislikes the taste, but we solve that by taking his gummy vitamins immediately after the Singular.
	My acne was significantly reduced. My doctor added the oral medicince because using topical acne medications did not slow the acne pimples. My face only improved while using birth control pills, Doryx, and the topical acne medications.	I used birth control pills, Doryx, and topical acne medications to manage my adult acne.
	Treatment benefits involved bringing the thyroid function tests into the normal range to counteract the hypothyroid condition that someetimes occurs in post-menopausal women.	Treatment consists of taking one 100mcg tablet first thing in the AM on an empty stomach with 8oz of water and not eating for 1 hour afterwards.
	the treatment drastically reduced my anxiety and feelings of stress and panic during my PMS week.	i was experiencing severe PMS symptoms - upon further testing, it was found that i had an ovarian cyst and used this treatment for anxiety symptoms until my surgery.
	Eased vaginal dryness for more comfortable intercourse.  Probably has a beneficial effect on my heart condition, since there is heart related problems in my family of origin.	Have an annual exam and request a prescription for low-dose estrogen.  The Estring is an easy solution as you only need to insert it in the vagina every three months.
	NO LONGER ANY KNEE SWELLING.....TOTAL KNEE MOBILITY... NO PAIN...	after two shots of cortisone to my knee, I had an mri done...this showed no problems yet the cortisone injections lasted only about four months.  My dr did not want to give additional injections and prescribed physical therapy, which I did, but it only aleviated the pain for a short time and never for an entire day.  My job requires me to be on my feet and I needed more relief.  I went to an internist (the first doctor was a bone and joint specialist) who prescribed spiralactone.  OK, I didnt have much faith in a water pill, but it worked and still continues to work.  I do not take many medications but I do make sure I never run out of this miracle.
	Shortened duration of herpes outbreak.	At the first sign of a possible outbreak I would beging taking the medication. It would be taken twice daily for three days. Discussed possible daily dosage if outbreaks became more frequent. I decided to try a more natural approach with Lysine taken at any signs with very similar results.
	I am able to stay awake while driving.  I am able to focus on tasks and concentrate better.  My concentration is clearer.  It's not habit-forming because I could live without it.  It's just that I can not function without it.  I can't drive, or stay awake for any reasonable length of time during the day.  My narcolepsy and sleep apnea are so bad that I do not dream at night at all.  With the provigil, along with my other medications, I am able to balance day and night and not feel like I'm fighting to keep my eyelids open.  Also, I don't need any caffeine or other stay awake medications that are harmful and habit-forming.	I take my provigil every morning, 3 200mg tablets.  I am awake for about the first 4 hours, then I nap for a little while.  I am up for about 2 hours, and nap again.  Then, I'm up for the evening, go to bed at a decent time and wake up at a regular hour feeling rested now.
	It greatly reduced the loss of hair in shower/on pillow in the morning.  There has been no sign of balding on top of head, and no progression on the temples.	I take it once a day in the morning and will continue taking it indefinitely.
	I saw absolute no change in my rosacea so can claim no benefits.	I have rosacea on one side of my face and my physician prescribed Metrogel in 0.75%.  I rubbed the cream on the rosacea twice a day after washing my face.  After six months I saw neither improvement nor complications/side effects.
	The treatment completely eliminated all annoying menopausal symptoms such as hot flashes and anxiety.  I no longer wake up at night with these symptoms and can sleep soundly through the night once again.	Convenient topical gel is applied once daily.  The only con is that it took 3 weeks before it was fully effective.
	The numbness in my arms and hands significantly reduced. I was having uncontrollable emotions of sadness, crying and even thoughts of suicide.  Taking the effexor helped me not only control my emotions but also diminished the intensity as well.	I started off taking 50mg for two weeks then increased the dosage to 75mg for two weeks.  After visiting the Dr. after a month on this dosage he recommended going up to 100mg and eventually I increased it to 150mg.  This is currently the dosage I am taking.
	The benefits were a very gradual reduction in the appearance of sun spots on the skin. The spots themselves never disappeared but lightened over a period of time. The general appearance of the skin also improved slightly but it did not prevent new spots from appearing as I noticed that they did, although I suspect that the cream probably kept them lighter than they would have been. Discontinuation did make the darkness come back into the sun spots after about 4 to 6 months however.	Topical application of the cream daily, usually at night. The recommended amount was "pea sized" but I found it too thick to get this amount to massage into the whole face.
	Bladder spasms and urge incontinence were banished immediately. Urinary frequency continued but is becoming less as I am able to retrain my bladder to hold more urine. I was particularly pleased not to suffer from constipation or dry mouth which are listed as common side effects.	Vesicare 5mg tablet taken once daily in the morning.
	go to http://medsheaven.com/ and i sa diazepam online, and it works! friends reccomend it because of having a sleeping disorder, i try it once in a while, there is now side effects and it works all good helps me for my sleeping disorder 	helps me for my sleeping disorder
	allowed me to sleep soundly without feeling groggy in the morning.	Take one daily at bedtime for rest due to anxiety.  This prescription was issued for six months and I am currently still taking it.  It does not appear to be addictive as there are nights when I can sleep without it and do not crave it.
	within 10 minutes the drug began to calm down the situation and I was able to function normally again. My racing heart rate was decreased, the feeling of panic subsided and the numbness in my arms and legs went away. I was able to eat again, and go about my daily routine.	The treatment details were to take only as needed and it could be taken up to 3X per day, but usually one pill did the trick. I didn't have a set protocol for taking the medication because the attacks were so random, they might not occur for months at a time, or they could happen two days in a row. So, I was told to take it only as needed. I still have a number of pills left from my RX of 30 last year.
	Within a few days, my mood, self-esteem, attitude and over-all well-being improved tremendously! I went from feeling suicidal and not being able to funtion properly in order to take care of myself or my family, to feeling better than I had since I was in my teens. I began to lose some of the weight I had gained from being depressed. I was in a wonderful mood and I had so much more energy than I had in years. My overall experience with Prozac has been perfect!	I started on 10 mgs. once a day and when that was tolerated well I went up to 40 mgs. This caused some insomnia and nervousness so my Dr. lowered it to 20 mgs. a day. There are still times I get depressed for a few days but that only happens once or twice a year and it is mild. I am looking at being on Prozac as long as my body toleates it, due to once being taken off I went into a fast downward spiral and had to begin again.
	I was diagnosed with a mild case of fibromyalgia, I was not able to get a good night's sleep for years because of the symptons of fibromyalgia, muscle pain and tingling in my back and arms, and I was prescribed this drug to help me sleep at night.	Before I started taking the pills I tossed and turned every night due to my symptoms and got very little rest, but the elavil helped me sleep thru the night and I woke up very rested and with very little pain. I took it for several years and stopped last year after I gradually cut back on my dosage, exercise and yoga have helped me manage my symptoms so I no longer needed help to sleep at night.
	It greatly reduced acne from moderate, sometimes painful breakouts to rare mild acne without any side effects. It even made body hair more fine and the need for shaving legs, etc was decreased.	Take 2 pills orally daily and facial and body acne was reduced to very occasional mild acne.
	Cymbalta takes effect quickly -- within days, as opposed to weeks -- and relieves one's sense of hopelessness, futility and fatigue during a deep depression. At higher doses, a sense of purpose and direction to one's life was also restored, allowing the patient (in this case, me) to exercise better judgment and effective follow through on plans and decisions.	Two 60 mg. capsules first thing in the morning.
	Considerable difference in management of of chronic asthma. This is the only drug I have taken that has completely changed the way my lifelong asthma was controlled. Relief was immediate and the severity of asthma attacks has considerably lessoned to a degree as opposed to other drugs which supposedly prevented the attack but when one did occur, were life threatening.	Since I began taking Advair it has been a twice a day treatment that remains to this day.
	Prior to using this spray, I had year round nasal problems: unable to breathe out of one or both nostrils.  The symptoms were particularly bad during the summer, and whenever I was in a laying down position.  The symptoms greatly interfered with my sleep.  When using this spray on a regular basis, my nostrils are completely clear most of the time, and I have minimal nasal problems during my allergy season.	I believe the recommended dose is two sprays per nostril twice a day.  I found that a "maintenance" level of only one spray per nostril each day on works for me.
	benefits: Nervous twitch went away under my eye. I am able to handle stressful situations better.	I recieved 5 mg/day for the first week. 1/2 a pill and then took 10mg/day.
	The medication eliminated the symptoms of Congestive Heart Failure, lowered my blood pressure, I had no more shortness of breath, or edema of lower extremities, no more fatigue, palpitations are gone, no more racing pulse, tachycardia has been eliminated, I have no more sense of dis-ease	I had to take medications as prescribed, change my diet to minimize sodium intake, I had to exercise as tolerated without over exertion, then maintain body weight by watching calories, keep cholesterol and fat intake low, be more selective in what I eat.
	general medical benefits:  contraception, hormone management.  Personal benefits: i controlled my weight better, skin looked more radiant and menstruation pains were alot less than when i was not on the medication.  As i grew older though i have been warned of being on contraception after 32 and I am also a smoker, this apparently increases the risk of cancer.  However, after terminating the pill I had a huge amount of hair loss over 8 months which I was never warned about	daily dosage, usually taken at night time, managed my weight, and helped with my skin as well as a contraceptive
	Being more focused....alert...helped with over eating	I took it once a day.. in the beginning it worked great but over time it didnt seem to be to effective... i took it for about 7 yrs. One thing is now that i am not taking it i eat more.  i stopped taking lexapro 2yrs before. This didnt seem to help
	the treatment benefits were an increase of energy and an overall increase in mood while not affecting the libido.  after 2yrs it stopped having the same affect.	took 2 75 mg bupropion and 300mg zoloft in the morning.
	Heartburn/Acid reflux stopped the first day I took it. I haven't had any issues with heartburn or acid reflux whatsoever. Stomach pain (from possible ulcer-haven't had results back from test to diagnose that) has decreased significantly.	I pill a day and all has been well. =D
	The treatment benefits were marginal at best.  Mood neither improved nor deteriorated, and anxiety was never significantly alleviated.  Unsurprisingly, recent research suggests that SSRIs are only effective in the most severe of cases.	The pills are administered once a day, daily, for as long as you think it's worth taking them.  The prescribing physician recommended taking Lexapro for at least six months to get the full benefit of its normalizing effects.
	I had developed panic attacks and depression. I had other symptoms such as small weight gain, hair thinning, very tired and slept allot.  The doctor originally thought that I simply had depression so she prescribed an anit-depressant.  After about a year things still were not right.  So she did a thyroid panel.  She quicky got me on a regular dosage and the panic and depression went away along with most of the other symptoms.	Take one pill first thing in the morning on an empty stomach and wait at least an hour to eat.
	The greatest drug i have ever taken. I'm no longer on edge all the time - only thing that has calmed me down without making me a zombie. My anxiety has lessened tremendously. I have had no negative side-effects, it's fantastic!	25 mg of seroquel paired with 200 mg zoloft has helped significantly in treating my anxiety diesorders.
	Stability in mood, easy to recover from burst of anger, help to concentrate	I had some mood problems, like being sad most of the time, no will to do anything, and most of it crying without a reason, like waking in the middle of the night and start crying. I only enjoyed very depressing movies where I could cry my eyes out.
	no nausea, able to eat more without getting sick.  resoled some of my dizziness	one pill as needed every 4 hours as needed for nausea and/or vomiting
	Fast acting, did not have to worry about skin thinning	The treatment consisted of applying the cream form of Pimecrolimus twice a day on the face for eczema treatment. The cream itself wore off very fast which limited how effective it acted. However, benefits were seen within the first week of use.
	When I started taking Propercia, my hair loss had stopped and the thinning has not exacerbated. Since taking the drug 10 years ago, my hair remained full and I have not had any side effects.	Taking a pill daily in the morning.
	This preventative course stopped the chronic UTIs that the patient had experienced.	Twice daily, and then stepped down to once daily after a new doctor recommended that the patient only use one per day for prevention, due to slim size (110 pounds).
	Controlled acne breakouts to some extent when on drug.	Took Doxylin 50 mg once daily for 3 months.  Improved acne during that time.  However after stopping treatment. Acne came back.  Was also using oil-free based cleanser twice daily at the time.  Avoided oily foods, ate heaps of fruit and veg.
	If I take requip several hours before sleep it keeps my legs calm for the most part.  Requip seemed like a miracle the first few years then it seems it didn't work as well.  I told my doctor about it and he suggested I take two requip a night instead of one, that also helped for a while.  Im greatful for the medicine although its not a miracle it does help a great deal.	I try to go to bed the same time every night and I take my requip.
	Before the use of vagifem tablets, I had to endure a series of urinary infections after sometimes painful sexual intercourse.  I also had painful cracks in mucoal lining of vulva due to aging and dryness.  After beginning the use of this drug, I found that the ncreased mucous in vagina resolved both of these problems.	Insert 1 tablet vaginally once weekly
	I took Premarin 1.25 after my total hysterectomy in 1992. I stopped taking it in 2003 when the study came out. I looked wonderful. My hair was great, my skin that of a much younger woman. Now, the elasticity is totally gone, I am losing hair and I feel my quality of life has gone downhill. I, also, developed severed osteopenia. I have started back on .625 and plan to take it for 10 more years. My mother in law has been on it for 35 years and looks and feels much younger than her 76 years. I have no risk factors, so I decided it is right for me	1.25 for 10 years...had a 6 year break and have decided to go back on it at .625 for a few more years.  Hopefully, I will regain some skin elasticity and slow down my thinning hair.
	Cramps were reduced from a 10 to a 2 on the pain scale.  Hormonal migraines were completely gone.  There was no bloating, fatigue, moodiness, or any of the other PMS symptoms.	This is the most remarkable drug available!  Insurance companies REALLY NEED to cover this again!!!
	"After 15 years of ineffective medications, I finally got my rosacea under control with Metrogel. I still have occasional flare-ups, but with nowhere near the intensity or frequency I had them before. I wish I had discovered this medication years earlier. 



I see a lot of people here saying they abandoned MetroGel after a few days because it initially made their rosacea worse. I had the same experience, but pushed through, and found that it worked wonders by the 2nd or 3rd week. You just have to deal with looking awful for a week or two. Like I said, it's not perfect, but it really has made life a lot better for me. I just hope it remains effective until they find a cure (ha!)."	I just rub a little one every night, and occasionally skip a few days.
	notice lash growth within 2 months. After about three months I noticed a huge increase in lash growth. Increase in lashes. The color of my lashes remained the same. I also feel that there might be a slight increase in the overall thickness.	you put one drop on the wand they provide you and aplly to the upper lash base line only once a night. Only once a day no need to put more than that. Only one drop too.
	Increased urinary flow w/o the side effects of Flomax (decreased erectile strength). Available strengths are more varied with Cardura, thus effectiveness can be achieved with minimal dosage.	1 2mg tablet at night. Must be taken at the same time as effects last only 22-24 hours. This medication is also used to lower blood pressure, but at the dosage I am taking, my BP remains in the normal range of 75-80.
	Reduced cholesterol 35 points to 185, down from 230.  I also increased exercise and reduced red meats and eliminated french fries.	Pretty simple!  Take one tablet each morning.  I also changed my morning diet from having fruit and an oat bran muffin to having fruit and oatmeal cereal (whole rolled oats fortified with one tablespoon of oat bran and two tablespoons of dried cranberries).
	Although I was meant to take these daily, I felt my condition had arisen mainly due to a major change in diet. Being someone who doesn't like to take drugs regularly I decided to use on an as needs basis, so I now take if I feel the regular need to burp and have the early signs of indegestion (i.e. a knotty feeling in the centre of my chest, below the breast bone. For me, this drug acts quite quickly (about 15 mins) and goes a long way to alleviate the symptoms.	Not sure I understand this request! I was prescribed a daily dose for 28 days but use on an as needs basis.
	20 percent reduction of ulcer wounds in 4 months medication. Initially it was prescribe for 6 weeks (Feb 2008) but had no effects with the ulcer. The endoscoopy procedure revealed that the wounds became bigger and more inflamed. The medication was continued for another 6 weeks till June 2008. Slight improvement after 12 weeks of medication- The doctor recommends 6 months medication till the next endoscopy (till Dec. 2008) with the expectation that the ulcers will heal.	the medication has to continue for another 6 months (till dec 2008)- healing of ulcer is not significant-
	Less tired, no need for naps in the afternoon. Immune system improved.	One pill daily in the morning one hour before breakfast.
	reduced onset of nausea and vomiting headache usually subsiding within 3 hours; ability to continue to work or do other things so I dont have to sit in bed in misery . reduced onset of nausea and vomiting headache usually subsiding within 3 hours; ability to continue to work or do other things so I dont have to sit in bed in misery	600 mg every 4 hours as needed but ususally once sufficient
	Prior to treatment, patient had severe reflux.  She couldn't lie flat to sleep because of the reflux of acid into the esophagus.  She often had such pain from the reflux that she only slept 3-4 hours a night.	THe patient had been treated with Prilosec for reflux.  While being evaluated for chronic insomnia, a 24 hour study was done to constantly measure the pH of her stomach/esophagus junction.  The study found, while using Prilosec, her stomach acid was 10 times what was considered normal.  She began using Nexium and repeated the 24 hour acid study about 6 months later.  Using Nexium, the stomach acid pH was normal.  The patient takes Nexium once a day, in the morning one hour prior to eating.
	Felt better fairly quickly	I had a terrible sinus infection with very congested lungs. By the end of the 2nd day of treatment I began to feel better. This drug works and I had . I'm glad I have insurance because without it,10 pills were $181 at Walmart, $192 at Walgreens and $207 at Target.
	There were no benefits. Over-active bladder continued as is.	"Enablex was the 4th in a series of bladder control medications that I was

given over a 2 month period. It had no effect whatsoever on my condition."
	I found that the Propecia did seem to counteract my hair loss. However, it did not do much for the hair I had already lost. I've been taking it for three years now and I have not seen any more receding, and my hair seems thicker than it used to be.	I take one pill each day. Sometimes when my prescription runs out, I am forced to miss a few days, but I do not notice any changes as I think the medicine takes a longer time to work and stop working. I've worked it into my daily routine and although I do not like having to take a pill every day at 22 it has not been a problem.
	it cleared away my face from poison ivy basically over night.	i went to the doctors on Thursday.  my throat hurt real bad and i pretty much knew i had strep throat because i have had it before.  so they told me to take amoxacillin 500mg every 8 hours.  it worked real good next day throat felt ten times better but still have to take it until the bottle runs out so it doesnt come back.  so come sunday night i wake up in the middle of the night itching my forehead.  i woke up looked like a rash.  went back to bed and woke up in the morning and still there.  it scared me a little bit thought it was an allergic reaction so i went to the doc and she told me she didnt know 100% if it was an allergic reaction to amoxacillin or if it was strep throat.  so switched my anibiotics and got hydroxyzine for itch relief but nothing for the rash itself!  so next day kept getting worse and wosre finally that night i went to the er and a different doctor told me it wasnt medicine related at all and thought it was poison ivy which i get a lot!  it didnt look like any poison ivy ive ever had though.  so they gave me a prednisone shot in the butt and pills for the next five days.  the next morning it was pretty much clear whatever it was i dont care because it gone and doesnt bother me anymore.  prednisone worked great for me.
	Results were almost immediate. My mild cystic acne went away just after taking the pills for a week. Two months later, it's still gone.	I've had mild cystic acne as long as I can remember. The only time I didn't was when I was on BC pills. Over the course of 7 years, I've taken doxycyline, minocin and Doryx, all which initially helped somewhat. From the beginning, I tried to get my dermatologists to address the hormonal angle. Seven years later, someone finally listened. A couple months ago I started on 75 mg once a day and have had no breakouts since. Not sure how long she'll keep me on this regimen.
	"better able to handle everyday situations without spikes in temper

I usually woke up between 3-5 times a night. With the Prozac my sleep was less interrupted. 

I also had less stretches of times when I felt depressed and just wanted to sleep to get thru another day. All in all the Prozac helped me to rationally look at my life and make decisions. My outlook brightened."	20mg prozac once a day
	During the first two weeks no notable benefits, but after that there was a distinct difference; the brain fog seemed to have disappeared, general mental state and motivation improved. However, there was no significant change as to the ability to concentrate which continued to be as poor as before. On doctor's advice the dosage was increased to 20mg per day but due to side-effects on that dose had to return to the previous dose (10mg daily)	See as stated above. Since this drug didn't really work on add-symptoms as efficiently as was expected the patient will ask her neurologist for a prescription of either Ritalin or Concerta or something similar especially for improving concentration.
	White spots which appeared and were growing in size (and assumed to be infammatory) are gone	Small amount of the ointment was applied twice per day for three weeks and the spots gradually reduced in size and dissapeared.  Because this is a very strong medication it was applied somewhat sparingly to be conservative and it still worked.
	Am having very crisp vision ability, increased moments of clarity, thought seems much better, heart and leg irritation (nerves) calmed back to normal, (what I remember normal as). Still have moments where hyperthyroidism hits, but this is early in treatment, however, this drug took me from a very poor life, oversleeping, shaky, blurred vision, trembling hands, heart jumping out of chest life, and has made me feel very very normal.	I saw my primary doc, and ER doctor all to be diagnosed as panic attacks. I lived on and off of valum, and other anti depressants, and nothing would ever control, only blanket my tremors and shaky clouded mind. One ER doctor decided to run the thyroid tests that came back positive for Hyperthyroidism. I saw a specialist who then immediately put me on Methimazole 10mg, 1 time a day untile iodine test can be done. Delerious as I was over a week ago, I held couch in lost world of confusion. Tonight my ears stopped popping, ringing is gone, heart beating nice. For this night I believe that the Methimazole is starting to work. I am not tired, and feel like going outside. Unbelievable. If this is the beginning to my life back, this drug has the key to sanity for the upcoming choices for long term treatment and care I must make soon. Note: Due to contrast given in CAT Scan, I must wait 6 weeks to undergo the iodine testing. I understood that the contrast would throw off test results. I assume or am prepared for a relapse because this is a very short time into treatment, but if this is a glimps of what clarity is ahead, a wonderful drug to be treated with.
	Nuvaring is so easy for my because I never have to worry if I forgot to take my pill. I am very forgetful and this has been a great choice for birth control.	Once a month you insert the ring vaginally and leave it there for 3 weeks, replace after your period is over.
	I had side effects from taking Celebrex so doctor changed to this one. Marked difference in pain (relief) and ability to have better use of hands.	"i have degenerative osteoarthritis in both thumb joints. They become very inflamed after use and will at points just stop working (can't hold anything)

The use of the diclofenic greatly reduces the inflamation and allows me to use my hands for longer periods of time. I am undergoing plasma injection therapy at this time and its a requirement to stop taking all anti-inflamatories one week prior to treatment. Long week. Hands were much more inflamed and irritated without the use of diclofenac."
	bleeding stopped in 48hrs, severe urgency and frequency stopped in 24hrs.Urine was clear grossly not red as it was on the fist day. I didn't have to run to void after the first day. I could wait the normal time after the begining of the urge. The frequency reduced to the usual of a few times in 24 hours depending on how much I drank.	cystoscopy at 48 hours showed many mucosal bladder hemorrhages. Drank more liquids and fresh fruits, and took it easy in activities. Drank no wine, and stayed close to toilet for 24 hours!
	I suffer from itching from different causes - clothes, shower gel, even just hot water. In about forty mins from taking the drug, the itching stops. The skin redness subsides within 2 or 3 hours, however not entirely. The effects last for nearly full day.	1 pill a day (night time preferably)
	Topamax decrease my appetite significantly.  I lost an average of 15 pounds per month while taking the 50 mg/day. I had  during the course of the treatment, the only real drawback was the need to taper off the drug slowly rather than just being able to stop taking it.	"IT took a month to find the correct dosage for me, since the doctor started out at lower dosages and worked up to the 50/mg per day.  

As I neared a better weight, the doctor began tapering off and the weight loss significantly slowed and in fact stopped before I was able to stop taking the medication."
	Improved facial acne, lowered blood glucose a little	Received metformin to treat PCOS. It improved facial acne. However, other anticipated benefits did not occur (no ovulation after going off oral contraceptives). However, given other long-term benefits of metformin (may act as an anti-cancer agent), I rate this drug highly, since I did not experience any side effects after the first few weeks.
	Helped to fall asleep.	I take this in an attempt to stay asleep like the drug promises. I rarely have trouble falling asleep. With Ambien CR, I fall asleep very quickly but still wake up most nights after 4 or 5 hours of sleeping. Therefore, the time release formula does not seem to work with me. In addition, this drug is unbelievably expensive. All in all, neither effective no priced within reason. I would not recommend.
	"The treatment benefits are:  it controlled my acne and prevented any breakouts. 

The treatment also subsiede the present acne at the time of intake. My skin has cleared and there are no more pustules on my face."	The treatment details are simply a taking one tablet daily with dinner or immediately after for a period of thirty days. AFter 30 days, you take it in again at least for another three weeks and then gradually decreasing do there won't be any flair in the effectiveness of the drug.
	Stabilized and regulated the levels of thyroxin in my body.	One pill per day, standard. I'd like to point out that the Brand Name drug works fine, but the generic versions are not as good. I have had the same problem with some other drugs (primarily antibiotics)where the generic was not effective but the brand name product worked fine.
	The heartburn was unrelenting and multiple over the counter acid reducers were tried including taking the generic Over-The-Counter Prilosec twice per day. None of these medications seemed to caused any reduction in heartburn. After starting the Prontonix symptoms disappeared entirely within the first 24 hours. After starting the Protonix I was again able to eat and enjoy any type of food without heartburn, epigastric pain and nausea.	Protonix is taken once per day either with or without food. I take my prescription as bedtime.
	Eliminated pressure in my upper abdomen and reduced reflux. I have a hiatal hernia so it also helped with acid reflux.	Dose was once a day.  I've been off it for two months and have some mild symptoms of gastritis.
	I notice the benefit of being able to be calmer and not so "on edge". I am not so short tempered and I am able to handle situations that are mentally or emotionally challenging.  I also notice the benefit of not being very emotional. My physician and I decided to wean me down to 20 mg. and when this happened, I noticed an immediate effect.  I was very short tempered and "on edge".  I was also not able to deal with situations that were mentally or emotionally challenging.  I also was very tearful. Needless to say, my physician and I knew I needed to go back on the medication again.	I have been on Prozac for 12 years.  I was titered starting with 20 mg. days, then 40 mg then 60 mg which is my current dose.
	Onset of depression as a result of sudden spouse bereavement, ability to continue to care for children, run household, resume paid work, resistance of negative thoughts and behaviours	Daily dose, reviewed quarterly by treating GP, along with numerous grief counselling sessions, support groups, self help (positive thinking etc), regular exercise program.
	The treatment benefits included but were not limited to anti histamine blocker, decongestant, etc. I was sneezing, coughing, had laringitis, allergy shiners, and could not sleep.	I went to the doctor for the prescription. I went to the pharmacy to have the presciption filled. I took the prescribed dosage daily with a big glass of water. I took my dosage in the evening.
	My treatment was good after I was hospitalized for deppression thay started me on Seroquel and I was getting better I started on it in oct 09	My mood changed a lot I went to in hospital therpay for 3mos they tried differnt drugs but seroquel changed alot it cost a lot $411 for 30 pills but it worth it
	The benefits are amazing.  I felt dizzy and like I was going to faint before I took the drug.  These symptoms went away and have stayed away for going on 20 years.  I also have seen that it helps with blood pressure and pulse rate.	I simply take one tiny tablet each morning.
	I have/had an extremely easy to irritate stomach, over-sensitive to acid and food consumption. I spent most days feeling unbelievably bloated, even after only a few bites of food, sometimes. Protonix was prescribed to me in combination with Domperidone to reduce bloating, belching, and an acid-burning sensation in the stomach.	Treatment has been ongoing for several months and is set to continue. While still not quite "normal", I am feeling much better after several months of this therapy and will be discussing reducing my dosage and/or going off the drug completely in the next month or two.
	ALL SYMPTOMS SUBSIDED - SWOLLEN ANKLES, RESTLESS SLEEP, FEELING OVERHEATED/SENSITIVITY TO WARM TEMPERATURES, SHAKEY HANDS, SWOLLEN THYROID GLAND, HIGH THYROID LEVEL IN BLOOD TESTS, TIRED EYES, AND INCREASED APPETITE.	INITIALLY TOOK 10MG TWICE A DAY. AFTER 6 MONTHS, REDUCED TO ONCE A DAY. AFTER ONE YEAR, REDUCED TO 1 EVERY OTHER DAY OR SO. WHEN BLOOD TESTS CONSISTENTLY RESULTED IN NORMAL THYROID LEVELS, STOPPED TAKING METHIMAZOLE ALTOGETHER. I'VE BEEN IN REMISSION NOW FOR 1 YR.
	Xanax for me is particualy beneficial when either I need fast relief (one of the fastest acting benzodiazepines) or more in a social setting because it gives a more stimulating relaxation (i.e relaxes you but also enables you to be social compared to alternatives.)	When taking as needed for particular events it works perfectly as a treatment
	Nasacort AQ has proven to be extremely effective in controlling my nasal stuffiness and sinusitis related to allergies.  Before use, it seemed my nose/sinuses were clogged on & off and made me much more susceptible to colds/flu--as much as 4 to 5 times per year & lasting 10 days to 2 weeks each round.  I was miserable.  Nasacort keeps my nasal passages open--it's a wonder!!	1 to 2 sprays per nostril per day.  I tried to limit to 1 spray per side per day & found is just as effective.  This is on a regular, permanent basis to control allergies.
	Cleared up illness as it has in the past. It is a very effective treatment for bronchitis and pneumonia. It has been much more effective than other antibiotics I have taken.	Z-pack: I was prescribed 500 mg the first day and 250 mg for four days after that.
	Singulair is very effective in keeping my asthmatic symptoms in control.  If I forget to take it, I can tell that my breathing becomes more labored by about 36 hours after the last dose.  I will on occasion (maybe 1-2 times per week) need to use my rescue inhaler (albuterol), but it is primarily needed to ease discomfort and not to stop a full blown asthma attack.  In fact, I have not suffered a full blown asthma attack since I started taking Singulair.	My asthma had become so bad that when I was to be administered a test where I would be exposed to irritants to guage the severity of my asthma, I did not even get past the saline control before my breathing was adversely affected.  I would say that my experience with Singulair has been superior (only surpassed  by Advair, which I had to stop using due to the fact that my insurance company wouldn't cover it anymore.  That led to my change to Singulair.)
	It completely eliminated all heartburn symptoms.  I am able to eat what I want whenever I want.  This is after nearly 2 years (before going on the drug) of trying to change my diet and lifestyle but no matter what I did, I could not find relief of constant, daily heartburn.  My days used to revolve around juggling over the counter heartburn medicines. This drug finally gave me relief.	Unlike another user claims, this drug does not "teach" your body to produce more acid.  Once it's out of your system, it's out of your system, and yes the symptoms of acid reflux will likely return because this drug is not meant to cure any underlying condition, but simply to manage the painful symptoms of GERD and other problems with producing excess stomach acid.  I will probably have to take it forever, but it's worth it to me to take a medicine every day versus suffering every day with constant heartburn and acid reflux.
	It stopped my hair loss!!!! I have regrew some hair too!!! It works dudes try it! Stick with it cuz its worth it. Propecia is a dream come true. It didnt start REALLY working till after 5 months. I started using it 6 months ago and now i lose only 1 hair when i shower instead of like 12. Dude try it for real! I was worried about side affects at first but had none. Ive had a great experience and want to share it with you. I wish i started treatment earlier. My only advise is to do it now!!!!!  I know what your going through. Give propecia a try bro! I really hope it works for you too!!!!!! Thank GOD for propecia!!!	1 pill a day
	swelling gone, pain pretty much gone in heel, arthritis pain all gone	Had severe pain in heel from spurs and it is very much improved and not swollen any more.  Also had arthritis pain in back and knee.  It is totally gone.  I am active and like to walk and do exercise and this has been a lifesaver.  Can really enjoy the workout without the pain.
	i had elevated blood pressure which was treated with different medications in the past. initially i was treated with norvasc which caused constipation. then i was treated with cozaar which did not control blood pressure well , instead it caused fluctuation of the blood pressure going from high to low over the course of the day, which made me very uncomfortable because i will sense both high and low blood pressure and have headache whether it was low or high. vasotec even in the small dose that i am taking now   normalized  my blood pressure , so i do not have  fluctuation of the  blood pressure any more.	"medication is taken once daily for blood pressure control.

blood pressure is very well controlled. ."
	Not only was my nose cleared up almost immediately, my allergies weren't as harsh.  my Step father is a MD and he prescribes this to all of his patients.  I love this stuff.  The only bad part was that for the first minute or so after spraying it everything smelled very bad.	Two puffs in each nostril twice a day.
	Relief of menopausal symptoms, including headaches, hot flashes, mood swings, sleep disturbance, and depression. My marriage and job relationships had been suffering from these symptoms  after having a hysterectomy due to severe fibroids.	Apply a patch twice a week to abdomen, according to directions, change it after  3 days/4 days
	My annual bone density scan improved significantly after my first year on Actonel.  Although I still have osteopenia, my physician says Actonel is helping to maintain this improvement and it is keep me from progressing to osteoporosis.	I take one 35 mg tab of Actonel first thing every Wednesday morning on an empty stomach with a full glass of water, sometimes 2 glasses.  I wait at least 30 minutes before I eat or drink anything.  While I am supposed to wait at least 30 minutes before lying down again, I confess that on a couple of Wednesday mornings when I was especially tired, I did lay back down.  Even then, however, I did not experience any heartburn.
	I felt less anxious when doing presentations.  I took it before I was ready to perform to prevent a panic attack.  I felt like it calmed me down	I was prescribed the medicine to decrease "panic attack" symptoms.  I am a very nervous person.
	Psychotic thoughts went away.  No longer thought people were out to get me.  Became less suspicious of people.  Iritability decreaed while on this medication.  This medication has worked wonders for me.	Started this medication in October 2008 for my suspiciousness of people (thought people were out to get me).  Began at 0.25 mg once a day for a week, then increased to 0.5 mg a day at night.  3 weeks later (1 month from the time of starting risperidone), increased to 1 mg every night.  Stayed on 1 mg for a few months when the symptoms came back.  Dose increased to 1.5 mg a day.  Depression set in (for outside life factors...not due to medication) and fluoetime added at 10 mg a day and risperidone decreased to 1 mg a day due to flueoxetine increasing the levels of risperidone.  Depression still there and psychotic symptoms came back.  At next vist (1 month) flueoxetine increased to 20 mg every morning and risperidone increased back to 1.5 mg a day.  Two months later psychotic symptoms would come back in the middle of the day (as if the medication was wearing off).  Rispreridone dosage changed to 1 mg twice a day.  Which is still the current dosage I am on.
	LOWERED my cholesterol. This medication also lowered my LDL cholesterol while raising HDL	required nightly administration. I was advised to drink a glass of water with each tablet. I was advised to eliminate grape fruit from my diet while taking lipitor. I was advised to have a blood test performed every 4 months to test for liver function
	I have been very happy to have a period on time every month. It gives me the reassurance that I'm not pregnant because usually my periods would be almost half a month to a month late. Also, I have yet to become pregnant, but I still use additional protection at all times.	Simple. I would 100% recommend this.
	to get restful sleep	"swallow the pill with water before bed. I was also using ambient because I was waking up in the middle of the nights and couldn???t fall asleep again. I got this drug prescribed for 10 days only. He told me I shouldn???t be taking it longer. 



I hear that ambient is addictive. Six years do sound too long. 

I am on Seroquel now. It treats both my depression and sleeping problems. You can also get it only by prescription."
	Less running nose.It worked as soon as you used it. Working much better than the OTC saline nasal spray I tried.  noted so far.	Got the nasal spray for running nose, probably due to allergy or cold weather. It has worked pretty well. Much better than OTC nasal apray.
	The benefits of taking Protonix 20 mg is that my ulcer cleared up, and I was able to resume eating what I call normal foods.  I changed and stopped eating pizza, meat balls or extremely spicy foods, but if possible I will take a Tums before just to reduce any chance of problems.	I was prescribed Protonix 20 mg which I took daily for 30 days.  Extended use is not recommended, and I did not surpass the 30 days.  I do buy extra strength Tums and take it if I have any real acid or spicy foods.  The bottom line is I had a lot of pain with my ucler which came out of nowhere and after almost 2 weeks of pain I decided I needed to see a doctor.  Soon after taking Protonix my pain went away, but as with any ulcer a diet change might be in order.  Similar drugs are Nexium, Prevacid, Prilosec, etc.
	I was relieved of menstrual cramps within 15 minutes of taking the pill and during nighttime i was able to sleep peacefully without any pain.I was able to carry out my routine work	it is advisable to take the tablet after breakfast and after dinner so that makes it twice a day but only for 4 days
	In order to get any effects, I had to take 4-5 times the prescribed dosage.  The medication is simply VERY WEAK.  This drug did prove to me that managing pain on a daily basis, rather than responding to pain, significantly improved my quality of life and activity level.	Bottom line, this drug just isn't very effective.  It's more effective, and SIGNIFICANTLY SAFER, than the NSAIDS that docs are still prescribing for fibromylagia.  But I am looking for better daily pain management.
	This medication was the only thing that was able to put me to sleep regularly after over 20 years of chronic insomnia!	I usually took 150 mg. per night.  Occasionally it would have trouble falling asleep again, and then I would increase the dose to 200 mg. for a few days.  I would then go back to 150 mg. once I got back into a regular sleeping pattern.  Although Trazodone is a mild anti-depressant, I did not notice any difference in my mood.
	It greatly reduced the effects I get from seasonal allergies including sneezing, stuffy or runny nose, itchy, watery eyes, and an itchy upper soft palate at the back/roof of my mouth.  It takes care of most of it, but I still get some itchiness at roof of my mouth.	I take one pill in the morning, and one at night.
	No allergic reactions while taking daily doses of Zyrtec and  at all.	My son had been having terrible problems with allergies.  The cause is still unknown.  Constant hives, itching and worst of all his lips & eyes would swell excessively to the point where he couldn't leave the house.  He was prescribed Zyrtec 5 years ago and the only time he has a reaction is when he forgets to take his daily dose.  It has been wonderful.  Absolutely .
	Reduced muscular tension allowing for easier stretching and greatly reduced chronic pain caused by cervical disc issues	To reduce pain generated by nerve irritation due to cervical radiculopathy, I take 2mg to 4mg up to twice during the day, and up to 6mg in the evening.  Doeses are as required for muscle relaxation and used mostly for tension before evening stretching or massage.  Treatment has been going on for a year now with no ill effects.  I only use the drug when I feel it necessary, and have to date used less than 20% of the available doses
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
5	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
4	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
6	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
3	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
2	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
5	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
1	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Moderately Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
3	Ineffective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
2	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
7	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
2	Ineffective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
3	Ineffective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
3	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
3	Ineffective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
5	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
3	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Moderately Effective
5	Marginally Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
5	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
1	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Marginally Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
4	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
2	Ineffective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Moderately Effective
7	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
1	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
3	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
7	Considerably Effective
4	Marginally Effective
7	Moderately Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
3	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Moderately Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
5	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
4	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
6	Marginally Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
6	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
5	Marginally Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
1	Ineffective
8	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
7	Moderately Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
6	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
8	Moderately Effective
6	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
7	Considerably Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
10	Considerably Effective
6	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
9	Highly Effective
7	Moderately Effective
9	Considerably Effective
9	Highly Effective
10	Highly Effective
5	Marginally Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
10	Highly Effective
8	Considerably Effective
